Oh, and I plan to. (Also, bonus cool points for being a guy who just admitted to having read/watched Anne of Green Gables.)
If the Royals want guys who hit into more double plays than get extra base hits, the Astros have a few more.
i need to see you tomorrow! No ifs ands or asses! i miss you. cereal (serio)
Polaris Marketing reports Google+ Usage Will Continue to Grow; 57% say they definitely or probably will use Google+ in next 6 months
She wanted something to happen - something, anything: she did not know what.
Always ready for a #WW ;-)
(Overheard) "I don't know who's in charge of that brand but if they self-like another one of their posts I'm going to delete their page."
how u doing beautiful
The first view of the object of study (illuminated manuscript) was the bibliographic record, not the object itself -Sasha Suda
Today is my birthday.....
Encouragement: God is faithful - I hope you learn to trust him, even when you don't understand what He's doing.
I would rather host The Last Supper in my asshole than watch another week of
I'll allow it!
In what universe does and the Washington Post not want war with muslims?
(Bit lame but w/e) Walked past what I reckon was the Yahoo! Street View vehicle earlier, Dodge Caravan w/ PA plates & digital camera on hood
OMG I just got the worst news from my home town. My cousin died today and she just had a baby 1 week ago. I cant believe this !!!!!!
you can count on it!!!!
Paige of Lower Sherwood Farm is "Baking for the Scottsville Market again." ginger cookies, blondies, peanut butter cookies, sugar cookies...
Acorn Squash
who is ray bates?
introducing #scon12 talking 4 trends of tech and he says he likes to zip like with capes.
#DanceMoms? Who knew?
It's tough enough to be a kid w/o POTUS/dad thrusting you into the spotlight. Makes it hard for media, Rs to respect privacy when dad won't.
thinking about riding his bike across campus
Wow over 2000 followers! Thank you!
So fun to see you yesterday, Chelsea!
that's a sweep for L.A. but its gon b bad 4 them niggas 2nd round v.s. OKC
Went all the way to Fairfield via public transport. The 1.7 mile walk to Jelly Belly - great. Walk back - harder - loaded with freebies!
Don't shag a fat bridesmaid.
Tomorrow morning, Thursday, tune into Good day Dallas for a special acoustic performance with PAO! Set your DVR!!!
I lived in Anchorage, Alaska when you were there. I remember you from then!
Small screens force us to put user needs first.
Maybe that's why I've been listening to the Thug Life CD since I got home from work.
I cannot stress enough how much I love that cool summer night air
hey stranger
Just a kiss on your lips in the moonlight <3....just a touch of the fire burnin so bright.. <3..
Wow really?
Modify the GTS, grab 'em by the head from behind and pull them down on your planted knee. You can call it ICT: It's Concussion Time.
Go Pats!!! I must say, thanks to Tim Tebow I am feeling lots of love and support for my guys today instead of the usual bashing/loathing/etc
currently working hard on attaining all seven
I don't know how to sum up today.......school was great and when i met came home was amazing :D
Tonight's entertainment is The Androids of Tara, enjoyed with hard cider and for dinner.
Working overnight tonight..might have to make a late night trip to Krogers...they always have the weirdest ppl in there at night lol
We help you keep decisions focused within the context of the vision, mission & strategy of the company.
that being said, I am a giant sucker for anything cool made out of Legos and would probably support it.
Georgia SB 414 has officially passed!
I always love Austin's tweets, they have so much wisdom behind them, and they've actually helped me.
It's in our moment of decision that our destiny is shaped -Tony Robbins. Keep smiling. #sales #motivation #inspiration #fitness #weight loss
I miss u 2 big broski.. N thanks!! Love you long time lol...
if my mom ever saw me writing #niallwhipshispenis she would smack me!! **
Ye I have green hair, an fucking wa?
Need logo design, marketing consulting, social media assistance, e-blasts, newsletters, brochures, etc - reach out to
At least they only wore the radioactive green alternate uniforms once!
So you Just Depend on Taking Him okay Nicka lmfaooo (:
Cinco de Mayo is this weekend! What are everyone's plans!?
RIP, Maurice Sendak
no problems follow back my peoples
i need some advice on my situation
Hobby Lobby has EVERYTHING in the world except for a purple candle. For all the rotten luck!
no invite? maybe next year
shane is so gonna win teens choice awards
been crazy busy. Trying to go to EU early next year. Paris and Milan...and of course Holland! Lol.
Redditors not only ask good questions RE: Mn3. Also good advice. teminusest: ..remember: bring two hobbies,...solitary one and a social one.
hell would freeze ova b4 I let one of u bitkh niggaz get her oh no no no!!!
my producers is good ppl yall follow them
I've had goosebumps since i stepped into the There is no doubt in my mind as to the outcome of this game.
We have the tape and it's hilarious; if this comedy thing doesn't work out you have a job waiting for you here at TripRes
Tell her says hi and how will Terrible Beauty survive with her out of town?
Might I suggest the brand WorkCustom? You can buy their cargo skinnies on Amazon.
I still gotta do that video for Hayes -__-
RT : Surging crimes rattle Denver's East Colfax neighborhood: Crime scene investigators survey the scene where Denver......
the gov should spend the money - not you. The info/money is what the gov has -they just need to share.
Disneyland is going to now have Starbucks locations at the park. Holy crap. Stoked.
[waving fist in air] Damn you sweet, sweet juniper and wheat flour!
I just busted out laughing! Thanks for the smiles! :)
Don't blame me for you're own mistakes and problems
everything is good so far a very mild winter here so nice to ease into. How are you?
We know we always out but somehow they will never see us.
Awk moment when ass workouts don't make your ass bigger. 
ur livin the life.. Happy Easter and remember to stay sideways when u throw out that first pitch....
WOW REFS I LOVE YOU
Bought Madden 12 on PS2 with - Makes me miss old gen only for DB Swat Drill. Love that drill!
Love is always bestowed as a gift - freely, willingly and without expectation. We don't love to be loved; we love to love. - Leo Buscaglia
IM BACK TO 99 followers... DANG IT!
time is tickinqq
At minuteclinic. Stepped on rusty nail + need tetanus shot. Nurse says "I'm going to lunch. Go walk around for an hr". Sarcasmic.
Thanks for the follow! Wishin ya much success in your future and career
#20ThingsAboutMe ; I'm SO insecure. I feel like I'll never be pretty enoughh.
Are you ready for so baseball?
Thanks for inviting me!
When I have warm pee, it will remind me of Ari
Conversations through twitter get annoying real fast.
Get more Race for the Cure LA info at www.komenlacounty.com/race and spread the word, follow March 24 is coming up!
Gave out free t-shirts outside of the Q. People went nuts. Thanks for the list and support!
Still pissed bout Friday.
THANK YOU! :)
omg yes!
It does when the emcee doesn't shout on record, especially when it's a bunch of guys shouting over each other.
bbw is boring
. protects kids after parents separate/divorce w/online custody/parenting software.free to low income parents & courts.
M, apple
I can't wait for the Houston Dynamo and RedBull game tomorrow for 1st place in the MLS east! Robertson will be rocking.
Great. The one week I draw the pole I get Jeff Gordon who hasnt won from the pole in 5 years.
I wish people knew the difference between you're and your
:) Gotta love derby names.
The Guto is covered in open sores... more open sores than usual that is.
#kids Mesquite Meander at Mesquite Cemetery, Sat, May 19 6:30p: Historic Mesquite, Inc. and the Mesquite Community Theater are presenting...
and, now it's stuck in mine, too. :)
Whenever I come across a biz still rockin' the gmail, Yahoo! or aol email, I think, "hmm... kinda ghettoish." Does that make me a snob?
Told you wouldnt win the competition, Lets call it even! since you won the game!
love it. Life guard and coached there.
Genuine hipsters are another breed. They're gonna be affecting the demographics soon.
RT The will be serving their awesome slider burgers at 4-8pm today! Come shop & grab a bite to eat!
damn son!! Next time go to the driving range when its light out so u can see what ur doing wrong
Why do Wutang fans look like they'd like ICP?
: Quality content and being genuine will help build influence #amasalunch be creative
straight up... is standing in the refused ticket line and he's the opening act. told me even he couldn't get on the list.
We make videos for local businesses and I think we could make some great ones for you!
right!? All these different fee structures, math, guestimating, comparing apples and oranges... ugh!
Join the black parade...
Lakelaw is recruiting for bankruptcy and mortgage foreclosure paralegals
HELLO SIR
Thanks. I appreciate the response, anyway. Nice to feel heard. :)
So looking forward to this summer! :D
good job today nol
(that's for all you twitterfolk!)
I'm in need of a Chinese buffet!
NEW MUSIC ALERT!!! Fiona Apple coming your way at 3:30! Tune in and let me know what you think!
idk just not in the mood to go
There are too many "rules" in fandoms these days. Like, just shut up and support your idol however you want to.
Working as a team makes a huge difference for relaxation, enjoyment, and productivity.
Kyle Clifford
PowerPoint: The app where good signal to noise ratios go to die.
you need a button? I have an extra.
That's a nice cover. Reminiscent of Criss Cross Jazz's "in-the-City" look of their album covers.
Ms. J, can we tentatively say "yes" to your video taping session Fri, March 9?
I'm good I've been busy myself lately
my phone off temporarily just text me..
Facebook doesn't react to social norms...it attempts to change them. That's today's
Mad dash to get home & get ready for tonight!
duh, that was no star!!!
Auction items from Joe Montana, Wayne Gretzky and more!! 11/11 @ El Rey...
Are we really keeping Rory Gilmore around for this long?
U2 ;D
Haha, thats how I feel. But he's actually being funny, and he is hardly even talking. Aha
That article on disaster costs just highlights the problem of metrics like GDP. True comparison is with the counterfactual.
#ThingsWeAskGod2helpUsWith Getting that special someone.
"Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay"
Well we won't be fucking!
Back to that 1 man army thing again baby
How do I get rid of your ID. You are highly offensive. I tried to block you before
Planning something AMAZING for his birthday !
I haven't read those (or Tolkien) or seen any of the movies. Whatever you win, I want it, too. :)
THIS year I'm buying dollar store for these kind of times. Lol!
WooHoo! Glad to here it!
She takes people places! Makes sense! She needs cotton candy pink furry seat covers and bejeweled rims.
From one of my youngest guitar students: 'What happens when we learn all the songs in the universe? Then what do we do?'
love you too
Happy Birthday!! May you get everything your little heart desires! :)))))
that'd be great! Look forward to hearing from you! Thanks
Our eCourse site is down. Sorry for the inconvenience. Hope it will be back up around 6 pm ET.
Playing for country fans last night, clubbing it up tonight. I love people. Wherever they are.
lmfao !!! You would be doing that lol
sorry for delay, fell off the face of the planet for a while. Will try to dig something for you
I like U of A better :-) but he may not Thanx for your thoughts. If it is between us and UCLA chances are good. I hear his dad went to T ...
... That means I DESERVE and so must have chippies and Pepsi Throwback for dinner at midnight, right? Right?
as am I.. Trade ur xbox in lol
 Yeah i said it!? Na who gon pop me!? *Pop* I just did na
Chlorine makes me tired.
Seeking Financing For Your New Home Purchase Or Refinancing your Existing Home..www.newbridgehomeloans.com
That's the point, my dear sister. I am seeing the bigger picture and it's making me very frightened.
Truffle shuffle!
Damn you May 1st!!!! First Yo, now Gamel! Terrible.
What's wrong with it? Lol. RT : RTing a tweet and responding to it in your own tweet >> haha
What do you guys think of the new Facebook re-design?
Everybody needs to accept that email response times are subject to severe volatility.
that's actually super cute
that problem was solved after 1 hr 9 min on the phone last night, now have 2 figure how long we were charged incorrectly
Happy Valentines Day Biscuits! <3
Episode 2 in 6 days, but Episode 1 is still around www.terriblepeopleshow.com
you too!!
ShoutOut to the new followers FollowFollowFollow =]
The fireworks look cool but I'm at the show so I can't c the downtown fireworks.
Heya Ben Congrats on being featured by Klout!
you think you can text me and expect everything to be okay?
Project X...speechless.
Ben:"Kacie's parents are very protective of her....it's going to take a lot to get the key to her chastity belt!
Diet vs the gym! Which one is better???
The most #AMAZING things happen when one stays true to their character...
Thanks for the follow. I love the dinosaurs puking rainbows background. Ha, and all the tweets of course. :)
Added fuel to the fire thank you
I love medal of honor for my psp
take it to the bridge steve!
#iJustWannaSay "Why can't I sleep?" this question keeps me awake at night
Things can only go up from here today right?
Ohmygod I love life. I love it so much.
got Stafford, but with his questional health is it a good bed to throw A.Smith (SF) in as a starter and bench The Staff?
I have so many cousins!
Day 2 of the new plants existence at the sales office. He looks terrified.
Gonna get stabby with my knives in a minute.
Stay in Minneapolis.... I dont want you to leave :P :(
Sweet. Thanks.
Shoutout Toxic Loin Cloth
off to learn about prize philanthropy... does it have the many wondrous applications that proponents claim?
Fuck this phone
Get with Pill RT Brandon Crawford's first hit last season was a grand slam. His first hit of 2012 is a two-run double. Slacker.
it's funny how money changes situations...
This girl in this Jacob latimore video #WhyYoShoes where they at ?? 0.0
6Am service at fcbc...now west a at 11am....churchin all day..get here!
Oo- that's tasty! RT : can't wait to see you! I'm getting wild rice arancini when we go to
Every day I say today is the last day I'll eat junk food... Yet the next day I say the same thing! Need motivation for the gym
#DavidStern is a liar and a complete jackass.
Yep, this is our town, it's kind of like this all year, but not as crowded...
Awh well thank you!!
Life is about sacrifice, this new generation doesn't have a clue.
She be fukin wit Ordinary niggaz
: Fuck Off Ma TL Wit All Dis Basketball Talk! Go To Bed Then
There is a limit to my patience and kindness in loving and protecting you.
ah...I'm soo behind but thanks
(personally this hits very home for me & I'm at a loss for words)
: I like your tweets >.> Well thanks! I love your glasses:)
I love my girl. Shes the number one thing on my mind all day. It's crazy
just not into fried chicken. Much rather hit the BBQ joint around the corner. Now that place is finger lickin good.
Haha my fat ass is hungry! But don't wanna get up.. too lazy!
Thanx 4 completely wasting 27mins of my precious weekend time waiting on hold. Also your "bundles" are a joke!
thanks for following, then unfollowing. ha.
Waiting for orchestra to start today's rehearsal on #Mahler5 then driving to Illinois for my 2nd audition!
coming soon!
ok, but we did record a pitch video at the event?
thanks for stealing my thunder on the mountain passes! Just kidding!
Is there an earth cam in #lex ?
HFC would like to welcome our new students to the January session! We're all happy to see your smiling faces!
only a slow person would spell 'slow' wrong.
WTF I was listening to the radio and the song just cut off and some strange beeping noises started playing. ALIENS.
PRODUCE IT UP, ANDREA. PRODUCE IT UP! MORE MOMENTS MORE MOMENTS!
Here we go again with Manny!
You may be hipsta cool with your big measuring stick, but I choose to look through the eyes of grace
Happy Hour Every Wednesday Thursday Friday! Specials Package#1 Relaxer #HairCut & ColorRinse on Relaxed hair only $60! &More!
Girls say I'm smooth... Very good with words... But when I get into a relationship I can't do anything =/ I'm so awkward lol =P
Ditto--very sharp! RT : Loving the new years eve marketing
New GEDCOM, API for export/import, semantic data standards/schemas for genealogy data -- great new stuff being announced at #RootsTech!
Tuesday is always good for some BBQ and a Tallboy Special at LoCash!
now you're talking. Or now you're tweetin'. Way to go Lennar!
follow me
I think engaging online discussion will mean that faculty will need to jump in and be engaged as well
we're a bit behind, but thanks for the retweet last week
"I am a working man, i get things done, work 4 the Holy Ghost, work 4 the Son" great song to listen while u r at the factory
Bro I have no idea idk how they lost a lead that big
How to Make it in America ... tune in peoples ...
Welp, I am checked into my flight to Boston. I love the QR code text tickets. Great use of a QR code.
yr cover it live shows that it is in standby mode. Can u check from where u r?
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Pitfire Pizza Co - Pizza (live updates)
Tebow wins...again!
Yah they don't always like it when I call their country "Canuckistan" either.
Setting an alarm to wake you up on your phone & sleeping right through it ): <<<
47 #AmeriCorps Legal Fellows and 6 staff from will be at the Equal Justice Conference in Jacksonville! Will you be there?
I've never heard of it lol.....
Vend Beats by dr Dre : 5
Good morning Madison! Just finished our quiche breakfast. Ready to rid the world of union thuggery, one leftist bastion at a time.
Take risks.
RT : If you ever see me staring at a light bulb, I'm probably just trying to sneeze.
You will not be punished for your anger; you will be punished by your anger. Buddha
Our #UWM only "Getting Started in the CMS" course starts in a few minutes. There's another session being held on May 7th with 10 seats left!
#Extremes work.
I did sweetheart
You brought this upon yourself... Should have never brought the buckeyes into it
Why would you wear a beanie over a snapback, when it's hot af?
in the studio working on some cool dance songs.
Tonight's Foreign Film - VITUS (Swiss, 2006) at 7:30pm. This is one of the better films I've seen in the last few years...Don't miss it!
I will be following everyone back as soon as twitter lets me. This ratio of follwers to how many I'm following is STUPID!
I'm a Vikings fan...so yeah...it's comin....
RT : Excited for upcoming release iOS 5 Developer's Cookbook giving away 5 books retweet EOD to enter...
sigh .. i want to go back to bed now
I agreed to For Better Or Worse, not to miniatures being played in my basement.
I think everybody should come to Walmart and buy some cookies from me and support my mission trip.
We move to another physical location. 6107 S.E. 15 street Midwst City, OK. Smaller, but just as powerful.
Herbert Hoover~ About the time we think we can make ends meet somebody moves the ends.
A7: Attending chats like this and being a part of several business groups. I love listening to motivational podcasts too!
SGOTY INFO in the bulletin and blog! Check it out...FULL COMP OPPORTUNITY!
: Whatever happened 2 restoring a person after an offense has been made rather than throwing in the towel on them.. T.h.i.s.
Spending day cleaning :/
What! Where? Details!!
but leaves without my plate....
get it 4 pre party scarce beer release featuring KBS and Dbl Crooked Tree IPA.
Oh how I'm going to miss my Desperate Housewives
She's sick at Twitter.
Nigghhaaa can't even keep to his word...pointless
u hear that 'Welcome To H-Town' Joint ??
AJAJAJAJJAJJAJJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAAAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJA are :B
Okay, so what if I have seniorities.
Yeah pretty much, the space is finalized (Fuch's shop/barn) and then date: June 30. I still need to confirm food, chairs, etc...
Man my left top of my wrist is all scarred. Eh
I will never speak to you again if you wear one of those!
Excited for Luminosity's holiday soiree tonight! w/
Rahm's next step is to find a horse.
summer bunnies drive me crazy! you look real good with them 'dukes on baby!
How We Do by Rita Ora is on the radio right now? WHAT GOES ON! Love this song!
Or a smart mayor may want to eat a Minnesota burger
yeah I guess they are that new blood. We already got the veterans in the scene. It's nice to see some new kids coming out.
Oh my twitter followers... what a marvelous vacation it was! He came 2nd place in the "Sexiest Man Contest!" wuhoo! I'm a lucky girl. =)
I'm so glad they received the box! I saw 's tweet! :)
do u want to video chat with me
Just to clarify....they need to start the self-paced course before they get together live the first time, right?
#best90quotes Im not a playa i just crush alot
Worse! If you found it annoying in Beethoven, you'll throw the discs away in Bach. But was truly amazing if you can stand it.
Wed Trivia: The modern version of this May day was first observed in 1907. What is the day? Answer at noon.
If I had ANY clue what I was doing, I'd do this more...But I don't, so I'll just randomly send things...
I didn't know what else to say ha
There's know I, Me or My in (Team)
".....has not the surplus power exercised on the subjected body of the condemned man given rise to another type of duplication?" D&P, p.29
,,,,Also You can place orders: We have Keylime, Strawberry Overload, Lemon, Banana-Chocolate Toffee & Sweet Potatoe Pie.
That law about no texting and driving is stupid
and here is a six one: be in love with a native spanish speaker...)
Shows Fri and Sat went great at The Oasis!!! Thanks to everyone who came out!
i just did, doll...thanks! (for the reminder) Have fun at Mayne stage!!!
I need food
THE BASH IS COMING! THE BASH 2012 - DMSC'S NEW YEAR'S EVE
on my 3rd bottle of water , i was dehyrated or some damn
#tech2012 spectrum is owned by the public. Same with public rights of way for copper.
lol we will be there at noon! Hope we cross paths!
I miss you so much words can't even explain <3 P.S. Love the background :D
THANKS. You AND your grandmother exemplify the definition. ; )
S M H = Sex might help
hello darlin :D
We have a history, but YOUR my future! And I've learned from my past MISTAKES!
I flight to the west coast = 50 emails.
Fuck tami she aint hard !! If your going to act like your this hard itch that don't take shit.. Walk the walk hoe don't just park
Whotune showcase was off the hook tonight! Thanks to CMJ, all the bands and everyone who came out to support! Much appreciated :)
Since the first check-in at SXSW Badge Pickup on Thursday, over 5,000 people have checked in 100,000 times in Downtown Austin. /via
- IF they were about you. If not I'm sorry Shawn. I want to hope is a misunderstanding cuz I like both of you.
R.I.P Heavy D!! His Last Tweet "Be Inspired", WOW!!!
And that's just the tip. wait to you see your schedule bout to add it to ur gmail in an hour.
I hate the Heat.
Happy to have & back in the office today after their well-deserved vacations!
when someone blocks you but their still following you?..
I'm waiting for you to follow me, but that's not gonna happen so... :c
Don't judge me monkey RT coming home drunk >>>>
Gonna get in gear
#OneThingILove... YOU. And no thats not a #subtweet that's the truth.
we're on to you!
RT : Today exceeded expectationsRT : Hope #barcamptampa was a great success today
Wow nice good for you! Congratulations on all your accomplisments! Best daryl
You know it >:)
be there in da am
Thanks Casey McGehee for joining us for lunch today! Go Brew Crew!
I was following your friend but she didn't follow me back and she didn't help me gain is what I'm saying
Kill it out there tonight fellas Tebow aint gettin no where on our
Last night, in my dreams, I complimented myself a lot. It felt good.
definition of a hoe ass niggardly. Next thing this dude gonna grow a dully and get educated. To back to school fucka
this makes me sick to my stomach RT Police say Texas eighth-grader killed after ignoring order to drop weapon was holding a pellet gun
Stop bro # ur being a hater right now, ur such a @%$#!.
Love it when a day goes from "eh" to "awesome" in a matter of minutes! :)
Debating rubbing one out before class tonight, what do you think?
"Wait for someone who kisses your forehead and tells how much he loves you and how lucky he is to have you around"
7 Signs You Should Run Screaming From An SEO Consultant
I'm in the strip club throwing yesterdays money You in the same club throwing other niggas money
Ignore that jer Nick. Packer Nation still loves you and we miss you and are very proud of you.
Missed the Kentucky derby 
 face me. make me listen to truth even if it breaks me.
Possibly the most beautiful tweet I've seen - even if I have no idea what it says!
According to the President of Florida Naturist Association and South Florida Free Beaches, we'll occupy the only beach canopy at Haulover
RT : What type of pussy does the pope get? Nun
oh no!!! Can we reunite first!?
First st pattys day being 21....should be interesting 
Damn a billion? I could get behind that. Fif bout to make a lotta other stars look bad. #SK for real.
we'll def try to go then! his website is down right now... grrr! but i'm watching for when it goes live again :)
Certain situations suck, and they suck even more because you have no idea how to make them better.
Brilliant!! Mwuhahahaha *rubs hands excitedly*
You stare, I stare back. You look away, I smile.
We just got partnership! Right on :D
OMG! Have you read these texts from , this is way too funny.
In a few months ill be able to rent a plane with my brother and go to the keys or other places good to have a brother with a pilot license(:
Boyfriend sprained his ankle wahhhh.
My sister just noticed...that I have freckles.......hahaha
dude what happened
im just plain sick of being ignored cause im a guy
Happy birthday boo !
And a money clip, my wallet/clip is wearing out :/.
oh weren't you just lucky! Lol
Actor Rowan Atkinson has been discharged from hospital after sustaining a fractured shoulder blade in a car crash this week.
Following and at the same time this evening is really bizarre.
Big drinkers need big knives.
#Eminem / #Chysler in the top 10 #Superbowl #Commercials so far. Great storyline.
When the one person you want to text you does, and then doesn't reply again <
hell yeah!
RelationSHIPS sink when they have too many passengers.
Pizza Mart's soup of the day: Whiskey!
Me && are getting ready for the show tonight at #ReserveLounge COME OUT!!
Tell Dave to turn on U Stream.
Can't say it enough! Thank You Joan 
Do #ereaders have auto-feed options like Netflix for loading the next book or article after finishing and/or returning one item?
Some pretty wicked storms overnight.
Romney would not bully a suspected gay teen now. He would require convincing evidence of his homosexuality first.
Just facetimed at 4:30 am across the globe . Priceless.
love it!
Did my first coffee run as an intern!
RT : Think i am officially burned out on facebook.
thanks for the shout out.
Michael Dell talks about the companys plans to release a business-friendly tablet which runs Windows 8. - Bloomberg
Have been following church's conferencing in Tampa. Disappointed in actions. Going back to watching playoff BB to improve attitude.
My mom is trying to file an insurance claim on my phone, I really hope she doesnt try and get me an android phone we will have problems.
he is christian beadles
The difficulties we experience as we attempt to be like someone else, are the growing pains of discovering our own uniqueness.
please follow and me we lov u
I think about you all the time
Some head right now >>>>>>
on their job.... Straight stuntin getting their twitter poppin...
says hello(;
I feel the exact opposite...
Go to Salon Boutique 11503 NW Military ask for Nicole. She's fantastic. Tell her Amy or I referred you. :)
of course I keep a phone... Still the same number u had before
K1 pretty tasty but you should try some Chopin.
Aye cuzzin knock it off yu got me jealous yu makin big moves..I Like it in yu mane let me kno if yu need me im around the corna
Check me out tonight on HLN's Dr. Drew Show. I had a great time. Watch and see why Dr. Drew is my new best friend.
Cant sleep.... I need to get laid!!!!!
But it's wednesday, baby why you calling?
Calling him Jordan Farmer >>>>>
Michael, thanks for the follow, look forward to being in contact! Best, Matthew
I will be catatonic when my cat dies, But I think that there is much to learn from another pet. Not a clone. There is only one Aubrey
Headed to and South Lake Union. Who wants pie cookies?
Bachmann: Campaign Was 'Almost Mistake Free' I wonder how much she had to drink before she actually let that big whopper come flying out of
Happy Holidays and a prosperous new year to all our kind fans and customers!
ya i lost respect on chiru the day he merged his party in Congress. Im glad Pawan Kalyan is not in politics now
Yep, personnel & processes mired in the past are no good for anything beyond incremental (and sometimes not even that)
word.... RT : skinny niggas will never be out of style !!!!!!! gods gift to vagina !!!!!
excited to be your neighbor Ghosh Master Ghosh.
They say hate is the air so I hold ma breath til ma face turn purple
The Hunger Games Party was a wild success! Thanks to everybody that participated!
We are hiring for part time community connectors ! Everywhere! $$
Great interview with on Sportfolio. Sharing the vision.
Wanna Sing With Me Right Now? We Can Sing Say Somethin' ! :)
Looking forward to
absolutely ! where are you located?
Triple double for Rondo
i just did the outward scream vocals to the whole entire woe is me number[s] album <3
never say never
#oomf at the gym I see you boo boo(;
Paula Deen is still my favorite cook! m....everything in moderation
Scream! How exciting is this!
Ahh!!!! I got the paid position at Golin Harris!!!!!!!!!!
Er, a date with my boyfriend. Boyfriend. I really, really like him, but I can't stand coupley words. Trying to get used to it. (Boyfriend.)
11 puppies? *sneeze* OMG that is amazing!
Amazing! Simply Amazing!
Great job!
a health care system controlled by private insurers cannot be sustained if it is to actually provide health care
Hughes and Garcia are responsible for our bullpen being BADLY overworked!
Cool fact! Did you know dendrochronology is the science of calculating a #trees age by its rings?
Why not plan early for your week hit up the Pavilion for Pavilion Thursdays! DJ D-LO | $100 Call Bottles| $3 Cherry, Grape & Loopy Bombs ..
Check out "Away" the #1 single pre-release from NEMESYS. Featured on full length album "Here and After" coming soon!!! www.nemesysband.com
Patiently moving through the storm trying to push all obstacles out my way...today I move at least one.
70 in breakfast alone???
Busy day for we will have a company meeting later this afternoon...the opening is getting closer.
Wish yuh were too!
Great seeing you too! Which reminds me. Must get ahold of
Preparing for salon meeting tomorrow. Motivation. Determination. Focus kids big things are in our reach!!!
Not there. In LA.
where we chowin down tomorrow
I can agree with that, though I think initially it will surge artificially.
What do and I have in common? is following us on twitter.... Wait, I can't coax a follow.
we're sure your friend is a good girl at heart, that must have been the drinks talking ;)
Fuck this conversation.
i'd actually rather tweet rather than post my status x) me likey this beta than that
some thug. RT ": I hate when my mom tells me do this do that when I get home from work. Im tired momma!."
you're right - just reminded me of Colbert's hilarious comment re MIT
Are you a Mego fan, too? I wrote a book about Mego Super-Heroes.
Worked on parents yard. Sammy Maloned my car to a nice white shine. And enjoyed sunny day outside with the fam. Brewers failed me though lol
Bangin this school out, and workin on my music.
The habit of writing begins with establishing the habit of beginning the writing. Start with that, and you'll be pleased with the results!
I could've gotten away with a quiet birthday, too, if it wasn't for you meddling kids....
just gave myself a little accidental acupuncture with a bobby pin.
About twenty-five percent of the population sneeze when they are exposed to light.
who you calling a #hoe, #skank? I'm about to pop off on a #bitch!
i fancy doodling something for :o i think i shall!
YES. also: i watched the avengers right before. I may not be sleeping until sunday :)
I get there at 7, gets there after 9.
Know the feeling you get when you see a colleague's website and it makes you sick? Sick because it gives the industry a bad name?
i will find sanctuary in your arms
Got an email from with a link to chapel videos. Yours was there.
I'm so pumped for this brewer game.
Right?! Wonka definitely disappointed me.
Anyone who knows me, knows that I'm extremely passionate about what I do. My heart and head is in the music. I care about great records.
lol! U crazy man I can tell you a good ole guy! Bldg's are slow!
Thanks for the links dude!!
thanks for sharing!
He is richest who is content with the least, for content is the wealth of nature. Socrates
you good fellows, I am now dead!
Hey girl, let's show 'em why they call this the Shrieking Shack
YES just from the 1 minute I met her for she seemed so warm and vivacious. Would love to have her for a teacher!
Pass the word! Get me to 100 page likes! #100 and whomever referred them will get a free portrait session!
I love working out to cheer music. It pumps me up!
I GET A COMPLIMENTARY BEAR??? Sign me up.
Cabin san Lucas.. I knew this would happen
RT last day of school tmrrw AND we get out at 10:30 :))) awh yeah !
Need some help promoting the dishcrawl debut in San Diego, can you please provide an email to send more info. Thank you
lamenting the end of my cataloging internship in two weeks. I will miss playing library!
Come on #CUSE its jugular time! Stop toyin w/ this scrappy little team n put them outta their misery!
isn't it?! That one will stay with me always.. :)
sorry, I didn't make it concession stand. I stayed out on t-ball field to help get it ready.
jkkk no i wont
MD Food Bank posted a link on our facebook wall w/info on how u can win the opportunity 2 throw the first pitch at our 7/15 #Orioles game
haha thank you
RT Hey girl - Please tell me you're considering writing a paper on that for a conference. ;-)
no problem. I'll be retweeting more I'm sure. You give good tips that I think our members could use. Join the Gang! :)
That is amazing. I have the end of the month as one and whenever someone notices that something is wrong as the other deadline.
Also, major progress on the Denver Zoo's Asian Tropics exhibit. The elephants are going to be oh, so happy.
I'm SO excited, London then a train ride to Paris! I'm spending 13 days in Europe :)
RT : Check out my YouTube Page = FrancoiseTheLight
I bet you loved hearing Khali sing happy birthday to Cena!
Should I buy a book about the Venezuelan beer industry and its memorablia?
Just gave me the biggest smile of the night, bro!
Saturday Morning ______?
yeah next year! :)
reminder Accessibility Camp is Saturday Oct, 22, 2011. Registration will open around mid August.
wow somehow I missed this...sorry about that. Thanks a lot man... I'm still a noob but I'm working hard!
I'm so much more productive with a chai latte in hand!
So proud of my home state for putting on such a great party for the Superbowl! We r on the map!
thanks Ben. Things are indeed growing. Implementing community planit in four new cities this year. More soon...
I'll keep all of those places in mind :) Have an awesome weekend Ashlyn!!
Blood Drain Angel's Story out now on #authorhouse.com and #barnesandnoble.com and many more not in physical stores yet
thanks for watching, Max.
Not like we're picking out curtains or anything. :) -
follow back ? Done
shut up when you talk to me!
*sips coffee and listens to thriller* :-( ok
I always enjoy your contributions. I find just reading all the listservs (nearly) overwhelming.
Time to make a QR code for the window. Scan it.
What about 6AM at a Richmond coffee house? You name the palce. BTW, Maggie Morris wishes that you would come back to Crozet ES.
O: someone has the username ManuelFool.
same thang bro trynna feed the family.. slangin rims like crack.. u still at Apple?
six words for you: Billy Butler, Eric Hosmer = fantasy joy! When we goin to the K?
Doh! For me it's because I started before the Caps game and ended early :)
basically, the term Hollywood Indies blows my mind. &I'm unpacking it, but I want to make sure the term isn't industry standard
I can't wait until Leah starts crawling. She's so precious!!! (:
I swear to god, i knew already that the city Springfield in the simpsons was in Oregon!
Nice to see the Cubs start the season the right way!
It's a nice day to get pierced! Don't forget to grab a 20% off jewelry ad from the Stranger newspaper!
nowhere.haha I was joking(: I will probably die from being scared though!!!
FACEBOOK SPECIAL: Solar Lights FREE with a $25.00 purchase! 7 SKU's to choose from (Riverwest)
No prob - let me know if there are any more questions. It helps me stay current with the whole init process.
Just discovered for creating conversion funnels from data. LOVE it!
Make that
You know you play too much tennis when you are sitting on the court right now with a laptop reading this
Average low in Hong Kong in July = 81F and highly humid
Look out world... another Hinojosa has joined twitter... welcome
it won't let me on it :/
I bet I miss you more lol
eric clapton is a great antidote to a rainy Tuesday
Happy Easter 
Dage said earlier that he was the Drone who sprayed the camera, so I'm sure he knows about Nulgath's betrayal.
I'm nervous to go to college
Like bitch you can't even skate.
Correction: just fell asleep listening to this record. Still bores me to death.
I could use a massage and two days worth of sleep. maybe three days...
Thanks bro!
Yall ready for this new avi? If yes follow me and reply SupaHot and I got you on a followback asap x 10.
Temper tantrums are getting more costly. My toddler threw our iPad today. Growing up I remember a good door slam usually did the trick.
Giving money and power to government is like giving whiskey and car keys to teenage boys.
RT : ppl did not have to "fan" the page to get a bumper sticker so ppl who fan are more likely to be real fans
Just asked my mom if she can take me to new York to see Austin. She said to tell her when and she would talk to my dad fiwjsbrhqhzjs<333
I have twenty days to bring my grade up in English one. I swear to God I hate my english teacher with a passion.
I hate you
It angers me when, in response to the idea of lowering taxes, people respond with something about the rich being greedy and selfish.
HAPPY EASTER <3
Besides its potency, it's also the only substance shown to activate the SIRT-1 "longevity gene" in clinical research.
you're scared of me
Uncle Ben With great power, comes great responsibility.
Thanks for the follow, Barbara. Cheers!
#Imagine Austin: i'll call you tomorrow You: ok. (12:01am) *phone rings* You: hello ? Austin: hey, its tomorrow 
Over the river and through the woods to grandys for breakfast i go
: Or "Rubiq" - deadmau5. Don't lie, you've never heard of it. Once again, it's my duty. #LIES some of us have heard this!
My chiropractor is evil! LOL! I feel better now though.
work work work!!!!!! then the marlins game tonight!!!!!
Thanks dude I am super stoked! And when I get back it is TIME TO GO OFF ME YOU STEVIE & AW YYYYEEEEEAAAAHHHH!!!!!!!
Packing up the car heading to la!!!
I respect DennisMelcher ThurstonOhman MrsBowl and MrHobbs for always wanting the best for their student and athletes
RT : Apparently it takes forever to get through the state of Mississippi
Okay, cool
I can see us together on top We livin' like we hit the jackpot Cha-ching, like money in the bank You should be with me (`)-
RT : By faith you became partakers of the initial grace; by that same faith you can enjoy the continuous grace of abiding in Him
Is kidding with the online wi-fi form? Too long, no input types, giant pain.
Heck, train wrecks are always fascinating.
Anyone else think Gotye kinda sounds like a Charlie Day who can actually sing?
what is your back up I am down too and need something
yo fam don't get too fried and stare at the fire!!
i am so sick of the movies they make today,. why does they cus all the time, they are filthy and rude, i'm sticking to with old movies!!!
btw did anyone mention the fact that there is sushi for lunch now at school?
Make money!
You're koch-sucking love of BIG OIL is the most irresponsible thing in the entire world. RETIRE & LEAVE NOW, please.
"Winning starts with beginning."--Anonymous
and you know this, man!!!!!!! lol
I just want to drink free while I donate my money : : government laws I miss the free market
Jim Thome homers twice tonight in Detroit, second one his 600th career long-ball. H.O.F. pretty soon after he retires.
Yay! Im Happy Now!
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. Confucius
REALLY EXCITED FOR #BELIEVE love you!:D
That hand clap in Adele's Rumor Has It >
Today marks the 42nd anniversary of Earth Day! What's everyone doing to appreciate ABQ's amazing natural beauty?
Normal Fan at a Justin Bieber concert: "Wow! HE'S SO AMAZING!" Me: "OMG! I'M IN THE SAME ROOM AS HIM! WE'RE BREATHING THE SAME AIR!"
Thanks for the follow, lets get it.
Can't find the cat brush. I bet the dog ate it. I wish I could take it out of his allowance! This is my alone time with Sylvia... no brush.
Another very #warm and #breezy day for #NewMexico! I'll tell you if we can expect that to change in the next week tonight on KOB 4!
Hello Running, I'm sorry for treating you so badly. Can you forgive me?
lmao leave my friend alone!
: I followed you but you didnt follow back.. :-(
We're looking at dates in late February and a planning meeting soon - hope to get you involved!
Primo spot in chinatown, right outside urban outfitters w/ tacos al pastor, pollo sofrito, vegan purple potato, and barbacoa. Let's do this
Many believe that our nomenclature #omla signals we are protesting against #mla12. Is not the naming convention: activity-location?
He ate Pall Malls like Don does, but never drank at all. I'm the polar opposite :)
dont play, I'm serious about this stuff!
PLEASE JOIN ME AT MY OPEN HOUSE THIS SUNDAY, MARCH 11, 2012 FROM 2PM TO 5PM LOS FELIZ TOWERS 4411 LOS FELIZ BLVD UNIT 405 CROSS STREET...
Newark, NJ, Mayor Cory Booker should run for president.
You're surrounded by straightforward, apparent solutions that can dramatically boost your earnings, power, influence and success.
Can you believe it is already October? Make a day out of shopping for fall clothes and lunch at Daily Grill!
RT : "Lickety-split", when you think about it, is kind of a gross expression.
Woke up and looked at my babys picture:(.
Well, that pair of headphones ALMOST made it 6 months. A new record!
let me tell it...
I was over the moon meeting you tonight. THANK YOU a MILLION times for all the positive energy #SixxAM brings to my life.
Happy Friday! Beautiful day in Venice today. Get up and get ur groove on!
My list of non-negotiables includes people who toy with others' emotions. Also, releasing hostages.
"SCREW 'EM!" omg love it
#Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please! #muchlove Mexico loves and misses you :) 10
Same here! #bloggersheart ;)
I should go to sleep. I have a doc appt at 1:30
Omg I can't wait for the next episode of punk'd! Scott Disick & the wanted get punk'd haha
What a night.
If it's still in your mind, it's still in your heart
Save that bit for late night TV
What's your cup size? oh wait.. let me look at your pictures again!
oh lily is my best friend like weve known each other since we were 3
will you be my #nye #kiss?
Got tree trimmers with whiny chainsaws (like giant mosquitoes) in back, and am waiting for an expensive plumber to walk thru the front door.
Oh! Belated-but-copious thanks to for having the #casesmc chat idea in the first place!
i love you Justin:)
R.I.P Junior Seau. You will forever be a pioneer for the game of football!
"Be kind to your dentist. He has fillings, too."
If I want a chance to win, I'd better buy a ticket! :)
get a refollow from the best burger in south beach
Greetings and thnx 4 following. cb
I still can't stop smiling <3
Any of my #Atlanta Twitter friends/followers do Spoken Word / Poetry? Looking for a place to perform, hit me up! Especially amateurs.
The FUTURES of #westbaltimore and our city are in our hands. Rock the Vote Bmore!
Hold ON to ur Cap Weather
There's always somebody saying you can't do it, and those people have to be ignored.~Bill Cartwright
i can see right through your fake wall.
Good morning!
(Two classic Belle & Sebastian records released within a year of each other!)
It funny when people say " I thought you were innocent but once you opened your mouth, I was wrong"
i-i'm dylan
I cannot bring myself to listen to anything but foreigner, Aerosmith, journey, or queen. Can you blame me?
be prepared for your thirties lmaoooo
I know right. As soon as I saw it I was like, OH MY GOD!!! IM NEVER LEAVING YOU, YOU'RE MINE!!!!! Fell in love!
heyy (: nothing much man chillin! You?
That last joke has me cracking me up
show support for #teammindless we're in the lead and lets stay in the lead and win!!!!!
#Louwillville always puts in work
is it to much to ask for a girl thats on tha same page as me?
just show the video for boyfriend already! <3
Whatever name you know it as, the results are the same: beautifully, smooth shiny hair
I love early mornings by myself. sometimes....
Just crashed the Web Slam event at UB. What is doing with youth + tech in this city is incredible.
the minimalist! That's the one.
doesn't matter when there aren't any real men anyway.
Mostly I've dropped off the face of the earth though
Right on!
Congratulations on your scholarship!
I see a trend here- Obama wasting money, and gimmicks.
It's Christmas Eve? #wtf?
Saw a crummy sitcom on NBC steal a friends joke tonight & use it in the show word for word. Joke theft is a disgusting crime!
great review! Thanks, hadn't thought about that movie in awhile.. missed any biblical themes, enjoyed the breakdown
Coming to ever-fabulous for a drink
I can't understand what u saying shut up!
there we have it then. we will play country!
Headed to this weekend! Hopefully the wet stuff stays away!
that you love life and the people around you. Which, I believe.
#15 Once saved always saved? #areyouseriousbro Names can be removed from the Book of Life Bro! #GodlyBroTips Rev 3:4-6
Wow, only a month away from work and I had forgotten how horrible Sakai was.
Wednesday! that means and fishbowls
excellent defense on d rose by shumpert ,,
Can't tell which is the swear word here RT : Dammit Plouffe.
send us suggestions or your own material to
Thanks for the shout-out!
i hate hearing the facebook chat sound it makes me cringe
lmao cut my veins and it's pure blue baby
Giuseppe so great to run into you in San Francisco hope you found as much inspiration in the city as !
"OMG. I LOVE YOUR ICON." = free rt.
Oh, I meant with all-cotton clothes like out of "Let Us Now Praise Famous Men" and so on. But sure, I know. Whatever. Not for me.
The best relationships are the ones that start off as friendships.
More awesome than expected? Do we get puppies to play with during the game?
I got 60 Rackz in my POCKET!
ok no problem. Message me when you get back home :)
Lacrosse players have chicken legs
Drinkin you away...... "and i helped"-whore dog
Save 51% for only $99 2 Hours of Moving With 2 Movers by All In A Box Moving
why are everyone stop following me?
Yo what's this all about? Cool, thanks.
Is got a peeling nose or sunburn? #cancunvacation #smbmad. Hope she used sunscreen on vacation.
Hey hey hey
Ready to hit da gym
thanks for the help!
rain rain rain rain
Just when you thought you've smelled the smelliest hobo.
Gosh I really miss Ms. Jones, Mr. Hallmark and Mr. Morgen they are the cool teachers!
hey guys! checked out your YouTube today! It's official, I am a Capitalizer!
Good news considering the circumstances -- House votes to extend jobless benefits and homebuyer tax credit; bill goes to President Obama.
I'm sure it's b/c the question input is set to "Website" I was a little worried about that. . .
Pick Up games dont count
Its a small step but its a step nevertheless
If I called the radio station and they picked up I wouldn't know what to say.. I would just sound like an idiot.
I still haven't seen the Avengers, but I am certain it doesn't out shine TDK.
i thinik should of been with beth in stead of eve match
Forewarning: Next project coming this winter.
Single parent households are substantially more likely to have incomes below the poverty line
we've started adding mint to melon soaked in orange water
idk, don't matter.
He isn't what he pretends to be.
My pleasure :) I love your floral creations, they're great!
Thank you Jez, I appreciate the feedback!
Feels a little odd to be packing for a snowboard trip while its 75 and sunny out.
Searching for new furniture on Entering danger zone.
It doesn't take an hour and a half to deliver food. Step up your game Pizza Hut.
It's a pretty good video.
Had an amazing spinach pasty from #Chicago support local business and carry them, please!
Everyone breath! Great game Cats!
it's cool it's cool
Somewhere between laughing for no reason, making fun of each other, and calling each other names... I kinda fell for you.
Oh she looked way cuter sitting down
There is only one thing more painful than learning from experience, and that is not learning from experience. ~ Archibald MacLeish
You put it in your mouth?!
For the first time since I've lived in Portland I'm not involved with white death from the sky.
Lubbock - an oven. with dirt.
DJ Dizzan playing at the QBar tonight... go dance you pants off and fill up on 50% off food and drink specials. Starts at 6pm.
oh yes spending th day with gonna draw and paint then watch a marathon of the big bang theory
Please say a prayer for my Aunt Grace and the rest of our family. She lost her 1 year old daughter Destiny this morning. :'(
well then just felt like askin GOSH
not sure. was like that when i got home around 6. there were a couple news camera crews, but i couldnt tell what was goin down.
Just downloaded 's eBook for free on Kindle. Go Seattle journos! Will tweet anon about his ideas.
Picking up my new laptop...excited
She like that pisses me tf off .
Thanks for the mention
I got 1200 kicks them bitches straight from japan.
Thank you lord for #Photoshop's "Content-Aware Fill" -- couldn't have gotten thru de-vignetting an old litho portrait w/o it
You are very welcome! Just let us know when you need more. loves to walk the Ward. :)
Outstanding! However, $ ends but impressions last forever; therefore, we need human capital in abundance @ elementary
Heck yeah!
finally someone online
'cause you were wondering: Wil Wheaton and his website are well known online largely because of Fark dot com.
Ever have one of those days where you don't know where to start? I keep switching between multiple projects and not making progress
Oh man, I haven't seen Jim in ages!!! Give him a big hug & kiss for me! Give yourself a hug & kiss for me too! :)
I still need good social media partners. please send your proposals to . I am currently overwhelmed. Best wishes: Joe
OF COURSE YOU ARE. Jealous!!!!!!
Manchester Utd. Let's do this.
So proud of of myself I finished 2 chemistry chapters plus the quizzes in the back..now I'm ahead yay 
Sophomore golden couple, SP and SD have been over for less than a week. She's already seeing other people. Hasty...
It should be friday
Late night smoke breaks. Oh the memories
In Tampa? Suggest stopping by Sunrise Homes; great neighborhoods with range of floorplans you can try out on their interactive touchscreens!
Summertime by Joplin
The Indiana Pacers are so irrelevant I didn't even know they had home court advantage until I turned the game on.
. ok at least this: DOIs s/be assigned to dig objects held by repos w/commitment to preserve access.
We went to Hollywood together to get our book onto the big screen crossing our fingers!!!
Can't wait til I talk to #oomf today :)
One of the many reasons is awesome: he indulges (and encourages) my love of Voltron!
Good night of theater now on the journey home.
new plan! Tan while doing hw outside!:)
Chinese food...in Spanish.
Want to see perform at the Chili Cook-Off this weekend? We are giving away tickets in the next 24 hours !
Topol giving a spectacular talk @
Could someone please PM me the URL for a video stream of the Colorado / Houston Dynamo game?
Tonight :30 , Come take Adult Salsa With Us Today , Only $15 Drop-In , Or show Your Class Card. Experience The New Era Of Salsa ! & Enjoy
hey friends! I like drinking too!
Right back at ya
Not one but both of us
I didn't get a chance to ask how was Greece?
Life's too short to be a downer!
This thursday 8-12p door only$5 at door ,$10 vip happy hour til 9p live music from . We support local music!!!
What sort of animals make the best TV presenters ?Gnus - readers !
Okay, so is it the same login information as last time? Can't wait to converse with you all...
On set, day 2 of filming Pioneer/ Pandora Commercial!!!
Girl Scout cookies are being sold outside Saxby's at 35th & O. Get them while you can!
Does anyone want to come see the lindenhurst play with me???
my mom told me to go somewhere with her rn and i told her only if u buy me sushi and she just left
One establishment candidate down and 8 to go! The global elitist are trmbrlling! Way to go Ron!!!! Taking out the status quorupt!
thanks for coming. And I am now Duncan VP!!!
Oh well. Good game.
RT State Police crisis negotiators talking w man threatening to jump from Tobin Bridge. Lane closures
i do lol
That is a really tough job. I see some COs who are amazing, others who are petty tyrants.
Instructor says: On Monday morning, a second grader at PS 59k told me: "I like Mondays because we get to come play chess with you."
Rehearsed DJ Roc'Phella and Marvin Shields Jr. Yesterday for Chop Suey show. Should be fun.
Hey , Send me to the #NFLDraft "
Comments like you in a sun dress and raining require pictures for the visual effect of the moment... :-)
Man drinkings fun. Haven't gotten faded with and Bustos in a while what gives?
social justice speech on how much the class social justice is a social issue
Whenever someone proclaims to "shout out" to somebody, I take the opportunity to find that person and shout at them.
Omg I haven't been on here in a while! HI(: ~K
I would have like to see singing "skyscraper" I love that song and with her amazing voice #itsmagic :):)
RT : Previously, the largest earthquake in DC was a 3.6. This was a 5.8. [ that's 1000 times larger intensity ]
You gotta put yo guard down or else you can't get mad that you won't ever get that feeling again...
One of the worst last possessions I've ever seen
I'll check it out, looks pretty good
My homie is killin it on 101.1 The Wiz right now!! Tune in till 5:30! Catch the both of us at tonight!
Que hambre! And I'm so lazy.
bro what happened?
THAT DOSNT MAKE ME FEEL ANY BETTER ABOUT MY UGLY NOSE....
Thx - I've had a great day so far - been pampered by my daughter which is always fun :-)
#IfSheCant keep a steady income - u ending up broke will be the outcome
i wish you the best, iguess
Hey New Yorkers, you could do much worse for V-Day than tonight's W. Wellman double-bill at Film Forum: A Star Is Born & Nothing Sacred.
'Men in Black 3' -- Topless Invader in Germany
Put God first and you'll never be last.
excited to chk it out! Ty for the mention
giving Hootsuite a try...
Watching The First 48....I am PISSED watching these FOOLS just confess. Don't be a dumbass like these cats, keep your mouth shut! 7132227577
RT : We all have possibilities we don't know about. We can do things we don't even dream we can do. ~ Dale Carnegie...
I think is Talk amongst yourselves.
Awesome show last night! Big thanks to & !
no reason?....we have stupid class haha
17 year, $102 million... what the heck kind of contract is that??
you wish you were more like
thanks for the encouragement! inspiring is what I shoot for...better than just having catchy songs! :)
This lady on Dr.Phil has multiple personalities and can call on them when she wants.
if you bet on the giants to beat the packers, you got a tasty Greek salad w/shrimp- paid for by :-)
we celebrate every day :) #HoagieLIfe rt : how are you celebrating National Hoagie Day today?
I'm probably going to Las Palmas tonight, La Vida Tomorrow
I ADORE blue hydrangeas - they were the central flower for my wedding (and in fact, my dress was that color too - 2nd marriage).
"What do Republicans call a gay man with neoconservative passion, a committed relationship and personal courage? A faggot. -Andrew Sullivan
I hate the term BABY DADDY.
I replied.
Most girls appreciate the small things .
Sometimes it is better to sit your behind in a real desk and chair without wearing jammies and online multitasking :)
i love it austin (:
Thanks for the follow! You guys are offering some great insight into Internet marketing. Keep up the great work.
H-E-B lost an awsesome worker and amazing friend. R.I.P Jameel, NO ONE will forget your smile. /:
Proud 2 stand w in support of Reproductive Health Act. NY must lead in fighting back against national assault on women's health
I tried to explain to her that its not as bad now as it was how ever many years ago but she wouldnt listen!!
Such a great show! Gonna miss everyone so much! Way to kill it ! Loved working with you! Hope everyone enjoyed.(:
i didn't know what to expect and that album definitely changed how I approached my writing and to be abit "fun" with it.
It's only 6:30 in the a.m. And already it's been a day.
The most blissful thing about being veg is feeling good about what goes in my body. My love for the animals shows.
in-house counsel getting so much pressure from their C-suites (not lawyers) who want the expenses to be predictable.
Yesterday sucked, today sucked.... Tomorrow is probably gonna suck.
Sometimes I feel like Tennessee is holding me back.
yeah... only 6 months..
Impressive. Sounds like you are ready for a little Tenacious D
WTH is going on? Do you have a poltergeist or something??
: One last hint receptor sites .class over .I Complete You. What the fuck
I rather carry a satchel than a purse anyday .
Ninth Suggestion, Life is so short and we never know what is in store for us. So always be prepared so that you won't have any regrets.
i know you get this a lot, but when you do stuff like this it truly inspires me. You are so amazing<3
i love u and happy valentine day from me i miss you so much please accept my love i m dying in your love please save me love me plzzzzz
Somebody should play in the snow with me(:
no problem, can't wait to see ya there :)
If U enter #Streetfixradio on the search U see 11 names and that's just the tip of the iceberg.I'm a let tell ya wuts next
Miami-Dade County Arts Budget Restored to 100%!!! Congratulations to all!
I'll try to right now I'm hungry and don't know what to eat lol
you are fucking killing it
yes I told them your twitter n dah said your pretty n wass up
goodnight Peyton, I hope u have sweet dreams and I hope u feel better soon <21
Where has my motivation gone?
Have you ever felt like you can really accomplish anything that you set your mind on?
RT : Oh. It's green week! Maybe Dwight was conserving his energy?
In the mood for sum damn hot wings
isn't it beautiful right now? You picked the right time to visit.
You don't have to convince me!
Please text or tweet when you know something about your dad!
I know its terrible!
A census taker once tried to test me. I ate his liver with some fava beans and a nice Chianti. SILENCE OF THE LAMBS, THE 1991
Ugh I'm sorry!
what is it?
Your kisses on my cause a tsunami I tremble when I touch you more than an earthquake            tii the aria by all!
Going horseback riding in Malibu! :)
If you aren't sitting by a pool today, you need to be
mixing tonight will be fun
Moving is not fun gives stress like a divorce or a death in the family. I am a professional. Make life easier. Call me. 817.975.9222
oh if u can let me know. Ill be all over that
Who?? RT : Amazing: a company with 10000 employees and 6 followers on twitter.... what's wrong here....
New day same stuff but um
Reminder: all those interested in our Aug 1 #wine #dinner must place reservations by 2PM today. #downtown #montgomery. 334-262-2763
Somebody come feed me tho
Power red :) Thx for the feedback. We still have some tweaks, the colors are fairly set but I'll share with our design team.
thank you! me too!
It's finally here!! Can't wait to watch the game tonight! Already have my purple sparkly ugg boots on in support! #GeauxTigers ;)
Couldn't stay for too long.
Sugarloaf Crafts Festival starts Friday 12/5 featuring artists from national galleries. At Cobb Galleria Centre. $8 for adults.
at last i get to rest as tmrw's a weekend!
You lift my feet off the ground, you spin me around. You make me crazier, crazier. <3
Edit training
yes please MT Can we agree to abolish terms of the "Lin-sanity" "Pin-sanity" & "Pinteresting" ilk?
thank you sir. See you at #paycon!
We're meant to be :)": plus you pretty much have thee best name ever ma'am ;o) K A T i E baybee!!!!"
eye opening! I interviewed a few guys and asked Harbs a question during the press conference
Can't wait for skydiving tomorrow with
Thks 4 sharing, me encanta! What an important story of Mexican-American mobility, heroism, and success!
Three alarms set, two wake up calls coming.. I better wake up.
I move back and start training next Monday!
Congratulations!!! And the crowd rejoices!
Ha!! RT She's so green, she brings her own Tupperware to restaurants.
Exactly. Yet they ask for donations. If I can't finish a podcast because it's too long per episode, it loses value for me.
Thanks for RTing this out to your network. We hope #WWJF finale went smashingly, the Sweethearts was fantastic.
Yo Darren - you can't get better seats?
my favorite song from i'm taking off is all of them.
in class hby
QOTD "Screw you, I'm buying space lasers." - Bill Maher
RT : Holy glam Nicole Richie! Hilarious she almost forgot to name-check her House of Harlow bag
Ok... I wanna hear those #'s too!!
James Cameron now at bottom of Mariana Trench, 35755 feet down. It's ABYSS for real.
Who me?! Going to be a great week and wine fest! ": is one of #colwineweek 's biggest rock stars."
Wow just got email from mets database offering buy one opening day get 1 free for sat or sun next weekend. Unprecedented!
Still not sure what the #fireworks were celebrating. They coincided with me filing my tax return, but I have nothing to celebrate.
You San Diego bound?
Anyone know a good advertising exec? I need advice!
#Celtics fan forever we won lakers lost.
Yay! Excited to see you too!
That sounds amazing
Commuter Corridor Happy Hour: 5:30-7pm  Soft polenta with brandade, oil-cured olives and parsley and $3 draft beer!
Rookies were split into two groups and brought out after 15 of 19 rounds. They didn't totally explain how they picked sides.
Interesting way to put it. RT Chip tune is not a genre. The chips are synthesizers. - chip tune panel
I'm a horrible fuckin person
so theyre playing a 4-6-0 the rest of the season?
#Tigers, 3-2. Pretty good game. Great pitchers' duel. Redemption will have to wait another day.
#OneofMyFavoriteMovies Sweet Smell of Success with Tony Curtis
Havana is to die for too
I will buy you 5 paninis a semester if you manage my financial account
If the draft was still alive this war would have been finished three years ago.
Pure love and suspicion cannot dwell together: at the door where the latter enters, the former makes its exit. ~Alexandre Dumas...
Competition team practice tonight is gonna rock!
I got an internship with ! I was overcome with joy when I received the offer.
wrapping up a long day. A client upgraded her home office with a new #iMac and a #HP desktop along w wireless HP ENVY Printer. They r ballin
Odd Future
listening to your interview right now!!
Recording Begins. Gn.
Watching the All Star game. Good throw by Pres Obama!
Home watching the game. Knicks baby
sometimes I think they TOO big lol!
Happy Sunday! Life is slowly getting back to normal.
My #fridayreads: Chad Harbach's 'The Art of Fielding' and Geoff Dyer's 'Otherwise Known as the Human Condition.'
If you're bored this weekend, play our awesome AR game: www.cannonballzthegame.com. I promise it will entertain you for some time :-)
u smoke when you get home or what? I am usually up late, so that's when I am able to retreat and have my cigar
I think u should just bone
Hiya Sam!
Support Newarks 1st After-School Program for LGBT Youth w/ remarks by Cheryl Clarke, Loretta Weinberg & Cory A. Booker. DM me for details
Don't apologize for singin' about chicken...Mary J...spend da money right..and send me some why u at it..lol
Just saw Super 8 with my middle son, David. What a powerful bit of story-telling that was!
Loved being part of the conversation!
I like the quote If your a leader and no one is following you, then you're just out for a walk . lol
yo check out some of the music I have posted up retweet if you fucking with it
you can just call me rory.
i'mma smack the FUCK out of you.
I'd watch that. That's a winner.
Second question: We've reported this. It's around $120k but I'd have to refer to archives and on go right now.
sucks balls. Can't wait to switch
#WhereWasOwney on today's date in 1895? A clue: the Pony Express started in this western town.
Stoked for to drop a new album soon!
I will go out and do a dance for the Sun Gods. Back yard where no one will see me.
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him. David Brinkley
Hey, #SportingKC, if we could wake up and get into this game - that would be awesome.
Thanks for the #ff ! Enjoy your weekend!
my boys gt a 29 point lead and my nigga Austin rivers der
Thank you And thanks for being a B accredited business with an A+ rating!
cute tat!!
Can this kid take a hint ?!
Decided to forego an audition after finding it was located in the bachelor pad ontop of a hill with no sign of life in sight.
Just ate cereal and it was good(:
I was following along and suggesting you get the check at the place you were, not
I need some fun in my life
This is why I have come to love soccer, more difficult to have officals influence the game.
Best dress so far? Stacy Keebler.
u welcome so how have u been and that godbaby of yours
thinking about writing Gov. Paterson about the water. I can't believe I'm up thinking about water and not writing. But there it is.
I believe the Cataloger's Desktop is the closest to an online version right now.
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.  Eleanor Roosevelt #quote My Favorite all time quote
We've heard a lot about you. What's our favorite app these days?
To all of our friends in DC, NY and New England. Please be safe!
The early Cinco de Mayo fiesta was a huge success! Now, how do you say "I got the Itis" en espanol?
If a shop wants to enter the die cutting segment, there has never been a time with better resources available.
will do bud
Open House on Jan. 21 at my new salon in Magonolia Day Spa. Plz stop in for a glass of wine & to say hi. 5:30 8:00 www.hairinthecity.me
Hiring the right staff is crucial to any new restaurant.
Hi Kelly, may I send you my book to share with your family?It's about personalities related to DOB. Esp.March, March dad! Address?
looks like you have a tiny gold peepee
Work in the am #fml :/
great idea !!!
Anyone else think is sexy?
#mpmf We are going on in 20 at the Cincinnati club room!
His love is deep
Clipper Game Is Crazy! 15 technical fouls in the series, wtf these nigga wildn!
Hey - working on the (U.S.) holiday? Good day for many to study and play with #ZBrush !
Good Monring Tweet-hearts! Welcome back Monday!
Start with a request for words that rhyme with "orange".
#Cali has the MOST bipolar weather
Too extra!
I won't thanks for the reminder
The Sponsors we just adore!
why thank you =] really glad you like it!
The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it, but that it is too low and we reach it. ~Michelangelo
RT : #Songwriting Tips: Don't forget that a lot can be achieved on a one chord groove > great songwriting practice - try it!
Just seeing your name pop up pisses me off.
if you thought NPR would say somehting about Juan Williams' comment, you don't know who they are.
Dr appt and then the vet? This is not looking like a good day for me.
oh I know, he's playing it well
Release of exploit code puts Oracle Database users at risk of attack - Ars Technica
I would have laughed a year and a half ago, but now I just feel your pain. :/
I think that includes replies to others... Those can be full conversations. Tweet when weather happens and it'll grow!
#sosea livestream begins at 7pm PDT i.e. Pacific. Been nice, if confusing to begin summer time in March
Our new prints will be coming in the next week or so, we will be sure to contact our followers then.
9! 9 dog purses! Do they poop in those things?
Out of Print & On Screen Panel
u r so lucky dat nick is following u:)
"He was probably the most successful homeless person in that area" - guy in class
Why bother having a contact form on your site if you never acknowledge or reply to messages from your constituents?
we say we hate high school, that its boring and the people are bitches, but admit it - you're going to miss it when it ends
i'll watch it on saturday; just to find out how horrible it is.
I'm just dying for a subject change.
WARPED TOUR WE WILL
Love like Honey
what was the explanation?
I know that why I don't wanth to but I fell bad just saying
We're working on getting Tringled out there. Wish us luck! Know any good conspiracy websites?
Shes still a grad in my eyes .
TIP OF THE DAY: It does not matter how good you are at poker. You can and WILL lose hands. Make sure you develop a thick skin when playing.
don't leave until we hang out!!!!
Never go to sleep Be up at 6 that's when I'm coming Lol
Excited for my johnsonville morning sausage and packer football, both which will start soon.
A guys toupee flew off his head just now on the thruway and hits car...
you're welcome! Will I see you this summer?
Some niggas go over board wit the tattoos SMDH
Hi !!! We belong to #slowfoodchicago-committed to the community and reaching out to talk sustainability with our neighbors!
#Solidarity from #MD-US. Protest Music 4 the 99% on
Clayton, NC- even if it's from a chain restaurant it's tough to beat Carolina BBQ
shot I didn't even see that that was 2012...
yes really
I was wondering how many more episodes until season 8 is complete??
Easy. Roast beets in foil (350/40min). Cool, peel, slice. Great with arugula, goat cheese, walnut oil. Hint: use yellow beets
thank you 4 following me
Finna go back to sleep
That's fun (:
scholarships make me want to cry
Nyjer Morgan quit on that ball. Dive, you get paid millions. BUT I will take it!
Finally back working again today....had to take a couple days to party like it's 2011, err, not really.
In movies, when people go underwater, I like to hold my breath and see if I would survive in that situation.
Happy Founders Day ! Alpha Chi Omega installed Theta Sigma at Univ of North Florida on May 2, 1987.
haha this is a special day!! In my life
Calm down
desperate housewives!!!
Show last night was dope!
you got it, man
I think I'm going to end up alone.
lool ! Yes I can c dat
Business After Hours tonight at AmericInn Hotel & Suites - 9780 North by Northeast Blvd. - Fishers
let me in real quick
- every time I try to make meatloaf I think of my mom's... (she died when I was I was 10). Can't match it.
Eating while watching movie with the girlfriend .
The translation of that statement for dog people is "I woke up with a headache." Try that, works every time for me!
Spinning at far bar tonight. Will make ur booty pop. Come on down. No cover.
Honkytonk boys great show thanks. JC
Lakers just need to come back and play harder next game. That's all.
I wouldn't be mad if the Suns get Javale McGee if Nash and / or Hill stay. He needs a veteran role model
CNN's Mattingly talking about NC OBX yet CNN showing pix of Bahamas -- MISLEADING at best. Show NC, not Nassau!
I was a huge Taz fan and they had him in a rivalry with Jerry Lawler? WTF
If I'm a royals fan, I love the Moose/Gregg matchup
I just saw outside...eating my bandwidth.
Late night thinking .
best mac an cheese evaaahhhh
I can help with that. Because you obviously need help.
Sick in the Poconos w my boo (also sick) post #toughmudder playin charades!
#Ben&Jerry's has a red velvet cake #icecream - yum!
Beer fairy I so love you
I'm going to Lakewood :(
Lincecum pulled back for a pinch hitter after Burriss grounds out meekly to 1st; Nate Schierholtz pinch hitting
has never tried #pizzahuts #stuffedcrust :O
Just left Sunday Service at Bethany Baptist Church. I love Rev. Howard. He is phenomenal. I'm rejuvenated!!!
well, I didn't get a callback.... But good luck. I think they're biased against rock singers...
no prob, Coach!
"The halo on top of my head is only there to show that both my left and right sides are equally devious."
This lady just dropped $21,000 in Tiffany and Co.
I love you :)
I have two sites that I use mailchimp. It's easy and it doesn't charge the small sites. FFTP will have to pay of course.
RT : Q4: U TALK ABOUT RELATIONSHIPS AND EXECUTION BEING KEYS TO SUCCESS. WHY ARE THESE TWO FACTORS SO IMPORTANT?
Reminder: Register for today's 1pm User Group featuring & Gwynedd-Mercy College's Help Desk services showcase!
is a parody account. Relax. Don't bust an artery.
50% is a solid F. (you're in academia, right? grades n' stuff?)
For some unknown reason, I'm still up. Maybe my body is prepping for CA time in Wednesday
I believe it's a wooden ship used to transport clean needles overseas. BUT, I may be way off considering that was a guess,lol
Hi there jenflaks
This series is fun.
Theater Worship is happening at 9a & 11a today! Live worship, same sermon, different room. Help us open up seats in the auditorium.
When someone actually understands you
Rage 33 Maniacs 12 game a lot more one sided than score says. Defense shut out the Maniacs.
Have you created your to-do list today yet? Get it done so you can make the best use of your time.
came across your blog today and have to say its looking good . Keep on moving, no pun intended.
oh no! Virgo?
Thanks! I'm only running from my past.
anyway how r u and hows evevything
We will be at Carowinds Amusement Park for the opening of Windseeker today. Stay tuned to our Facebook page for the latest updates!
u know u want to jump om lol
cool story bro tell it again!
LAX is jammed with College kids sitting all over the ground, I remember those days but no need to repeat
I took my dad's 70-year-old Longine watch in for repair and now they follow me everywhere on the web. Poe, not Poo, Corner.
Mike Brown the Phil Jackson no standing during the game not working. Get up and work the refs.
No, you look way better...
Love your enemies...do good to those who hate you.~Matt 5:44. Let love God's called you to change enemies into friends.
hm my first Columbus Day in Columbus. am i supposed to do anything special to mark the holiday?
no just the first job.
Excellence means when a man or woman asks of himself more than others do.~ Jose Ortega y Gasset
Sunday is always a funday ~
I just shit myself wow that girls jacket on the right so beautiful
CJ Programs for women have suffered from a lack of gender-specific evaluative research.
A MIDGET HANGING FROM MY NECKLACE.... Old school shit
About to sleep while the suns risin.
retweet your desire for BBQ... if it isn't right after your last tweet, you might still win...
LOL so i'm guessing it's better? :P
Finally got real comfortable....but when you first pass out...it don't matter where or how you sleep...lol
Boxing is definitely is a sport from day's gone by. The question is have fans become too PC for the sport ?
thank you:):)
Big weekend plans? Perfect as a quick snack, a healthy lunch or at your next gathering, get Banzai Sushi delivered straight to your door!
It's great! I'm so glad and blessed to be studying PR at !
I want a jelly doughnut. I think tomorrow I'll get a dozen.
Let the world know you as you are, not as you think you should be. -- Fannie Brice
March 31, 2012 Food Truck Wars begins in Central Florida. 40 food trucks, live music, silent auction, beer garden, 5 national judges.
You are valuable. Don't belittle His masterpiece. #truth #Psalm139:14
#Axiomity is an idea... it CAN become a Reality... with the help of the Citizens of the United States, We Can Influence Our Government..
Yeah, but there's always something. We have to have it leveled before we can even buy it. 15k or so jut for that.
Played Pumped Up Kicks this am. for billionth time. Caller asked name of NEW song. I didn't know people could hear Triple M under rocks.
Tomorrow's the kick off for the traveling exhibit, Key Ingredients: America by Food. Visit the Seminole Nation Museum, Wewoka!
A cherry limeade would be so prime right now
I'm a sap. 'After the love is gone' for me.
What should we call our new All-You-Can-Eat Sushi Specials on Mondays? It's gotta have that #ATX flair... :)
i'm just a heart-breaker.... So don't fall in love with a nigga like me. Don't love a nigga like me...
Tonic is Rockin
: if you say so c:
Pay NO attention to people who talk sh*t behind your back, That just means you are 2 steps ahead.
Wow Buccaneers where are your cajones? No way I'm getting embarrased like this on national TV. That's game!
Really enjoying #tnt mystery movies. A nice departure from serial shows while seeing familiar actors
me neither!!!!
Graduation today. Why do so many milestones include funny hats?
I Look Cute, But I Forgot My Ear Rings "/
hey did I see you post a request from ISOS for a band to play ft worth March 17th? And would that be too close to the 10th?
So do I...which is why I almost never buy them! Why? For me, 1 #Pringles can = 1 #serving size. :-)
RT : Denver: Dicks sporting goods park. Free today: Rock the Range Starts the almost @ 4. The afters, lecrae & skillet too
I dont want to tweet until I finish my first state race
i loved your article on #thenetworker blog about having thick skin!
I guess #Marissa should have shot an unarmed 17 yr old black kid. She would be walking free today.
Baylor's uniforms brought to you by Digger Phelp's highlighter.
Active Network job opportunity: Manager of Online Account Management for Active.com in San Diego. Send qualified candidates my way...
Last weekend at Jwu and I'm goin to sleep? My school suck
Such a long last few days touring folks up and down the river. I haven't crashed yet though ... out to celebrate Friday!
Tim Wakefield should hit 200 and home anyway! :)
I like it!
is working on this fine Saturday morning.
nobody cares, so shut up.
am i? thanks :)
Thank you for meeting with us.
How much do ports impact your state economy? Come to the TandI Summit and hear John Milliken, Chairman, VA Port Authority
If you ever found out. I'd die.
All dressed up for
That's it! Thanks! :) - Jess
Hi Walter! I do PR for Will we see you at Webbinno on Mon? Is Twitter the best way to get in touch? Thx!
Thanks for the shout out!! We had a stellar SOLD OUT opening weekend.
#engaged final concurrent sessions: (1) community engagement; (2) anchor instns & quality of place; (3) future of innovation economy
Confucius say...Woman who put man in dog house may find him in cat house.
PLEASE do this is Jacksonville!!! That would be awesome to meet you!!! :)
probably the asshole who cut you off this morning using the exit lane :-P
Old people waiting for metro door to open: I think youre too close. It won't open if you stand too close. See you steped back and it opened
#OOMF always on some bullshxt....ANYWAYS!!! *rolling my eyes*
those we check out while swimming haha
oh yes please!
It wasn't good scotch, alas. But what it lacked in quality, it made up in quantity. >.>
I was plannin on seeing and to all play tonight to get ideas for my song and now i cant because of the rain
#newpuppy I have an Australian Shepherd and a Shar Pei, big dogs for me too. :) Though I started with Chihuahuas.
Dam Derrick rose tore his acl smh
great performance on tribute to the troops
ill take my time , we'll be all righh .
They don't sell alcohol on campus so I suppose since I don't drink pop I'll use it as my alcohol
yes I'm going to be a dj :)
You are seeing pain as a result God causes. It is us hitting ourselves. Why are you hitting yourself in the face style...
I feel like I'm on the verge of starvation, but this cat in my lap is making it difficult to get up...
a kid from my high school tried marijuana. now hes locked up in a mental institution & spends his time drooling & making sculptures w/feces.
Thanks for following! Hope u enjoy the tweets! Mostly about food.
Mind your "P"'s & "Q"'s!!! New Numbers and Letters are up now!
are you gonna Austream today?? If so you should do the goodmorning song!(:
Today's schedule: STL (study, tan, laundry)
The ability to convert ideas to things is the secret to outward success. Henry Ward Beecher
The roof, the roof, the roof is on fire 
Love that the 1st convo of the day with is an argument because locked us both out of our account because of login error
Best album of the year.
Elite Eight! Congrats, Jayhawks, on the win tonight!
F*ck this game!! I don't want to watch anymore!!
and further more, it was impertinent and no gentleman!
Free my big brother
50 attendee tickets will be available Tues at 9 AM. Room for 150, if we get more sponsor money. bit.ly/fWOb8
"Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom."-General George Patton
I want a tattoo.
Catcher Power!
oh, no, I don't use weibo. I just heard the Internet language on it is super fun and 
see you there! stop by our booth at
Who you going with Sunday? Who do you have anyway?
"Superhero" Phoenix Jones arrested after pepper spray incident.
well at least you think you do
See you at karaoke tonight! 685 Sutter street. What song should I start with?
GTS here's SONG #3 Some are like water, some are like the heat.
Tanning bed and haircut after school. 
The v-necks these guys wear on this show are ridicules. Why wear a shirt at all actually I prefer it.
I mean I did. And apparently you did. The question is why didn't we see it together?
RT Driving to Philadelphia. ETA 10:57 AM using Waze - Drive Social
wants to congratulate for having the idea of the month in regards to #election night reporting! Ask him his idea
The TeamDynamix user group conference is today through Friday! Looking forward to discussions with our customers
One way Pres is making my life harder: I have to wait a few extra days to watch football. #whodoeshethinkheis? Oh yeah....
Just saw Shes so amazing.
yea but it was crazy like everybody was looking at each other with a look on their face like did that actually just happen
I'm in Vegas for the fight they'll b done on monday
Hell of a knockout
I'm heading to Portland!
thank you for following me Anna! Mark
alright then, like you really got me hot putting this on twitter, maybe we shouldn't told you how we felt dawg.
Pretty cool! Miss America is Miss Wisconsin. Now all we need is a Packer win over the Giants.
I cannot think of any need in childhood as strong as the need for a fathers protection.  Sigmund Freud
probably not on:/
I LOVE IT! You are so awesome! I love the random mediums and things that inspire you.
some girl just asked me to go to a semi formal with her, wtf?
Happy #AlohaFriday have a fun #MothersDay weekend...
hey there! Looking forward to your live chat with
Highly recommend Rainy Day Books near Kansas City. Great independent bookstore with friendly, helpful staff.
how are you??
Cmon Mavs for once in your playoff lives don't choke it up !!!!.
hope you are well!
Heavy D's passing just reminds me how much I miss the "fun" Hip Hop I grew up on. R.I.P.
So excited for happy hour tonight I can barely contain my excitement!
Telling the #WCIDetroit community story through photos has = a great day in the neighborhood.
its a good way to live. otherwise i feel mundane. and i hate things that are mundane. Carpe Diem!
10 More Facebook Fans until we reach 750 fb fans, 5 more to 1200 twitter followers.
aw. Yea and im trying to find some where to live
the smashing pumpkins are an awesome thing.
RT Thanks for the great tweets!
Looking forward to seeing the results of the hackathon cc
As long as they outlaw pseudo-words like "utilize"
Hey Zipsters! Just 8 more days to refer a friend & receive $80 driving credit to share: ow.ly/8DvpP
5th grade class is on every night, discussing the book they are reading in class. Right now, it's STARGIRL.
might pull you just to pull your sister(;
: Hi Alexis. Hope you enjoyed the NCAA tourney. I wished I was there! yes I did enjoy come to Houston anyways!
Chicago Bulls PG Derrick Rose has torn ACL and MCL in left knee, will miss remainder of playoffs - 
Innovation panel: important for work cultures & granting cultures to allow for failure.
John Harrison Opera Foundation pres. Rene Fleming in Strauss Der Rosenkavalier today at 2PM. Public is invited & admission is free.
girl I already no my bby daddy is a dead beat cubt I put a restraining order on his ass
Some crazy girl gave me her number and told me to call her maybe. Her name was carly rae?
Decompressed, unplugged & restored tonite after long workday. 1/2 Dinner alone reading Brene Brown The Gifts of Imperfection.
Amen, on the runway, dressed in his vest. Amen fashion, on the runway, work it, Black Jesus.
Don't miss Atlanta Dog Spa owner and employees on the Cooper show today at 3 pm!
Lada Adamic - right -what can we do with networks beyond just explore and visualize - pretty pictures - what's the meaning
yes it's true I walked out of target last night I'm over that place
But here's my number, so call me maybe...
Good for you!
Thanks for the follow! We'll have to take the office out soon to get some ice cream sammies soon!
Back in the office and ready to apply the many things I learned at an amazing
I'll be back in June homie. I'll make sure we get up!
I want Chachi Pants!!
So great to hear! Stay in touch and we will keep you posted on whats going on in Indy!
Q. How are men like noodles? A. They're always in hot water, they lack taste, and they need dough.
Ah my mom nd dad got divorced nd my dad went to england to start a new life
Are USA Network and Universal the same thing?
How did it take me so long?!
My dumm ass just found out I could disable the dlc maps on #mw3 & u will get nothing but low ranking noobs will try when I get home #rape 
did u find out my password >:(
yes, and what also isn't fake is my excitement for fruigurt!!
Thank you for the RT!!! I appreciate it!!
safe flight to
Nuggets rookie has 10 double-doubles in 33 starts. Needs to start the rest of the season!
That's right! Get ready the new CD is coming! RT : Enjoying a leisurely cup of coffee while working CD launch plan!
I'm going back to YouTube to continue listening to Trespassing until I fall asleep. c:
I like winning the right way...not taking short cuts not cutting corners and breaking rules, I like living the right way too
RT : anyone do WP design and want to help me? :)
Really? You should understand our excitement more than anyone else fellow cellar dweller
Nancy Drew was my favorite! Although I did love the Hardy Boys!
Is anyone else as excited as I am that will be singing the National Anthem at the #Indy500 this year?!
Spent most of the night covering details of the video shoot for this Saturday... getting pretty excited.
New Years is here. one more week and then time to get ready for pool season.
There's a Hans Wehr Twitter account?? genius
I'm not telling people how many projects I do anymore. It gets me uninvited to parties.
dont know what you're talking about. i wake up to 2 cats climbing all over face and clawing at my neck at 6:30am. cats > coffee.
thanks so much
thanks for the mention. Although we're not ready for Copenhagen maybe we'll see you in a game next time you are in NYC!
Tons of people! Seemed like last night was especially bad for a lot of people.
Back at the exhibit hall
Simon Doonan gave an incredibly heartfelt and moving speech tonight at the FGI Night is Stars gala.
We're past 400 visitors! This has been a great morning at the Embassy of #Kazakhstan!
what kind of animales do You like?3
Ah! 100 followers:D thanks so much guys(: I'm gonna try follow back all of you when I get the computer! I'm doing as much on my phone(:
Yes we are currently looking for an intern. Send your resume, cover letter and 3 writing samples to
Dell has a 4 week social media certification program, 8-10 hours/course. 4 courses total
#FollowReader I spent last weekend in Baltimore with (doing a book club) and can't wait to hang @ Club Read!
Tweet tweet 
I am #teamTaurus my daughter is #teamCapricorn
Today is the LAST DAY to get up to 80% off + free shipping + 5% cash back at Forever 21!!! fb.me/1jtwmUhJ3
Thanks for the RT! :)
Just ran into my pal at
get ahold of Sam, she knows youre coming for it!
ur sexy just the way u are babe
You do remember where you live, right? This might be every summer run!
lmaoo I was on the phone && I called yo ass back !!
happy happy Easter
T minus 10 minutes for the season premier!!
Checking in: Are you on track with your 2012 goals?
Might do something I will regret later, god be with me..
#opensource is the way to go.
In love with the new glasses coming my way. And so reasonable, too! Webb in crystal matte. How Portlandia am I?
ah me too!! :) love you more than life!!!
nice picture
My pleasure, happy to help. . .
RT : No matter budget, consistent output & producing as good (or better than) your customer expected will
Reading #oomf tweets thinking "why? :( ".
It was so good to meet you all last night; let's share some tequila again soon! you too buddy!
Complimentary tickets to the ISEPP lecture featuring Michael Coe presenting "Mysteries of the Maya" for students and staff at the box office
In need of a nap
watching youtube videos about dancing cats...wish there was something else online to watch...
Michael, great blog! I will definitely be sharing your posts. Have a great weekend.
Dear Webby Humor Letter Blog
Ryan can u follow back so we can DM? Wanna talk some pigskin on our show.
So this is awkward -.-
And I forgave you right away for what you said about me last September, so why can't you forgive me?
Keep the past and the present separate -2 chains.
Our cold wet spring is officially behind us! Glad you're enjoying the PNW.
Wonderful news for that penguin.
editing my perfect strangers cover. I keep messing up while singing it so I have recorded it 50 times :/
Cocoa Beach :)
Happy hour from 5-7, then DJ OMG! IT'S HIM. See you tonight
RT Indianapolis Colts "Make It Personal Tour" this afternoon at the Giant Midway in the Memorial Coliseum Parking Lot....
Mitt is on trouble with the bully stuff. Not because its substantive but, because now America sees him as James Spader in Pretty in Pink.
Call 294-2200 for a VIP party, includes $1 Bud Light-Yueng drafts & wells, $2 calls, $3 Guinness, craft drafts & layered pints 1/2 off apps!
RT : Any soccer fans out there?! Friday and Saturday of German Fest this year, there will be a soccer tournament in......
For one of the best PGs in the league, why does his offense blow so hard?
ill give u a hint OMG on errthang!
Me n my bro hit a couple spots got #L'd up nigga u make it to da crip yet nigga lol......
Go #Kentucky. That is all.
My husband had to make a training video on proper phone procedures for work, & he used "Yakety Sax" as the hold music. Unappreciated.
get well soon.
Getting ready to hang out with Prez Obama @ the House of Blues tonite.
I don't know if you're supposed to?
thanks for helping me put on such a great event! #Cuban #Barrio food was out of this world!!
Enthusiasm is the match that lights the candle of achievement. - William Arthur Boyd
Lexington Christian senior SG Taylor Barnette was granted release from scholarship at UCF. Arguably the best shooter in the state.
How to refine a rain garden - Minneapolis Star Tribune
Makin Mac n cheese!!!
My iPhone likes messing with me. But I still love it.
McSteamy isn't as hot as he once was. I think he may be too thin now.
Chase Your Dreams
I Wish To See You Soon<3
That annoying friend who has a DVR cable box but refuses to rewind the show youve just missed b/c they prefer to watch it in Real-Time.
LOL, I tweeted a link to this 30 minutes ago. Your getting slow in your old age.
me and homework are in a fight.
happy birthday
today kinda sucks cause I'm so tired
A snitch nigga , dats the shit I don't like.
I am going to need a copy of your book if I'm going to unseat Lee Hoffman for 3rd place on the leaderboard. Please, Please Ple :)
Reginald Baylor is moving residency to Open Book in North Shore April 15. His next project is inspired by city's Fresh Water initiative.
Great signing day so far! Getting things ready for the official press release and announcement this afternoon.
maybe it will be alright the chef was better about it. I could have done without Miss Peanut Gallery, though. :p
in?old writing is part of Bible?(do u know who decided,betcha dont like that answer)
Ohh yea!! :D RT got my Tampico juice &bag of chips ..
The all-in-one-in-the-know actor's app. Available on the App Store for 9.99 or try Actsophia Lite for free! 30+ features for your career!
Originality lies in the origins of whence it came. Chs This...
Lmao,word!...but they don't know that
Okc ball clearly
Asking for a free drink after you've searched through your empty wallet only works if you want me to walk away.
Funny... Some girl that looked like a ring girl just ran across the stage.
How this shid get to OT?
will do! Thanks for following (:
can you handle it? Dance party on repeat!!!!
thank you for the RT :)
#NowPlaying - Six Feet Under The Stars. Brings back memories.
Congrats on your gig at - LOVE the writer - excited to see it!
At the Women for Women event. Some really great workshops all day followed by an awards ceremony honoring inspiring #ROC women!
Health experts recommend a 1500 calorie diet. For those of you not good with math... thats a 12-pack of 125 calorie beers. You're welcome.
amanda, let me kiss your face
Russians love me on Google+
YOU just made my night! hope LA is wonderful, visiting ASAP!
Oh, now don't go blaming me for your poor study habits. I only responded because my timeline was full of your tweets, slacker.
I can't see it! What is it, and what does it say??
#KUIK AM 1360 Everyday Cooking segment today-Ginger Salmon w/ Garlic beans & Spinach and Celery & Tuna Salad 4:30pm go to www.kuik.com
We're almost there! We've got waterproofed iphones kicking around the office, we're just not quite full scale ready yet.
Oh don't forget Twitter Fam if you follow me I'll follow you back x).
The sun is strong & the delicate skin on your hands is prone to skin/sun issues! Use 15 SPF sunscreen every 2 hours!
I can't read dutch, but I am 1/4 dutch if that counts...
#wine Fact: Refrigerators dehumidify so wine stored long term will go bad as the cork will deteriorate.
UNDER THE LIGHTS TONIGHT YOU TURNED AROUND AND YOU STOLE MY HEART WITH JUST ONE LOOK, WHEN I SAW YOUR FACE I FELL IN LOVD
Keep up the good work a lot of people are following their dreams because of you, I am. Retweet? It'd mean a lot. Thanks, man.
In dc!! #waaaitwhaat? This is really happening?
Guess what. I tried to watch the "Secrets" episode today, but it doesn't come out till the new episode of New Girl comes out! GAH!
$6,000! You're in high demand!
What does do when she's been banned from e-mail? Produces twice the Twitter output
Success is always temporary. When all is said and done, the only thing you'll have left is your character. -Vince Gill
Read an hour every day in your chosen field.This works out to about one book per week,50 booksper year,and will guarantee your success. Bri
Joyce Banda next Malawi leader, Muluzi and Law Society say | Malawi news, Malawi - NyasaTimes breaking online news source from Malawi:
So we're just accepting Zac Effron as a leading man? Just wanna make sure.
I wish it was the championship game!
Heading up to Foster Lodge in the Laguna Mtns. Gonna take a stroll in the woods with 3 or 4 generations of the family.
Lmao I Love Kwame Too! He Know I'm Just Messing. Haha
Can you be a Jewish Atheist? Well wrestle with this question with s Rabbi James Kahn at REGISTER TODAY!
that is so fucking awesome !!!!! I want one!!! :)
AnnMarie (the Dog lady) is coming sunday for a home visit and then comes the pup!!!
Clear Clear Clear
The world is yours and every bitch in it Its out there get on your grind and get it
lol that would be so kool... but i would call catwoman,,,
Got delivery from Papa Johns,Bought a Computer Chair.Wish everyone was cool like Me!
Take into context what would happen if Westbrook/Paul/Williams were on the Bulls. Take into context the division
OK....this made me laugh....really really laugh.
You ever watch something so bad & continue b/c you can't imagine it being this bad? Yeah I'm watching Blonde Ambition.
Beans and Barley on North. Or my house, whichever.
haha I didn't know you were coming too
are you a speeder? breakkin the law(;
": Should i put my sons sperm doner on child support?????? LbVs!!!" Yeah but then again no. Fucc him
Ill be 22 this year in oct....i dnt even look it , guess its because of my height , im 5'3 you knoo
guys we can't swing anymore :( hahaha
Last night was of the chain thank everyone that came out. We back at again next Saturday nite. Lockland bar & grill 713 Wyoming . GPS it.
Love your huge target ad
Now with Derrick Rose out, it's time for me to step up into the big leagues and dust of the old sneakers...too bad they don't fit anymore.
But does it give you access to the analytics too?
pft, I could have told you that when were 6 years old
Thank u John!!
In Austin today, filming the role of Eduardo Garza in the comedy feature "Second Impression".
That is an interesting theory. I wonder myself why so many more people seem to be having mental health issues than before.
"refuse to complain about being cold when the sun is shining - better than cold, grey, and gloomy!"
Headed to the Mall for #SOTG2011's Gentlemen Prefer Blondes. What beautiful weather!!!
Happy Birthday LEAPYEAR babies! Youre the youngest people on the planet and have saved your parents and families a bundle on birthday gifts!
These unique names all belong to beans, of heirloom varieties.
oh man! I would have loved to see you!
Congrats!!! : we won we won. best film!!!!! best short film!!!! we beat out five oscar nominated films!
thanks so are you :) <3
I hate when you think you have no homework then u remember it @ the last minute :/
Thank you Jordan!
great idea! I think I have popcorn...
When going to a costume party but not wearing a costume, choose carefully so your regular outfit is not mistaken for a costume
I want to come up with some crazy puzzle for DnD, but nothing's coming to mind. It's a tricky one.
Accept responsibility for your life. Know that it is you who will get you where you want to go, no one else. -Les Brown
In need of inspiration for the dance I'm supposed to come up with
lol. You weren't really driving a car, were you?
Apparently im a fulltime 7u baseball coach! RT : I haven't seen you in a minute. Where you working at now?
Great line from Ed Sanders's _Shards of God_: "Anyone who doesn't love and respect Allen Ginsberg is a dipshit." #totalassaultontheculture!
when will they stop??? Ah.
A piece of ass will never run my life. It ain't that serious. Then again if you ain't getting it or use to getting it then I can understand
thanks! I'll keep an eye out for it.
:-O and a blush
Tying run at the plate in the figure of Jason Giambi...
maybe fathers day
A note all drivers: It's only snow. You've seen it before. You can do it. (written hands-free with the aid of Siri)
Swartz: Novel's form enables impersonal persons, via the moral maxim.
Miss Lea Hello! I go by the name lea. fifteen, a stranger in this big ...
RT : Greetings from Minneapolis! Tune in 2 2day, 2 pm Eastern, I'll be on with Eau Flirt perfume! Hugs!
my nigga Won tonight!!
Farewell special to our daily package of picks. All 10 for only $10 today! We will be back to $5 Guarantees and $10 Locks tomorrow! Hop on!
NUMBER ONE RULE : DONT EAT MY FOOD !
Heading to the 5th, Phils still ahead 4-0. Wigginton, Nix, and Ruiz are due up.
Okay..ahem #ParisHilton is not an artist of anything, especially music. Quit with the "new song" drama. Just spend ur money, silver spoon.
Real men don't date the most beautiful girl in the world, they date the girl who makes their world the most beautiful.
#avengers needed -- please assemble on Chicago Skyway!!!
Looking back, I have this to regret, that too often when I loved, I did not say so
#FamousLies "I have to work late"; "I'll be with the guys tonight"
do you know how many NONfootball fans will go to a JETS game now. Attendance will be huge 4 tebo
Ugh people are so fake
Having a mission will mean you'll always come back to the path that keeps you going to that target or goal.
AirPlay, VoiceOver coming with Apple TV 4
Looking for a job? Need to pay for spring break? Campus Rec is looking for officials this semester. Pay is $10/hr. Email
You guys deliver to Raleigh, NC? I'm starving.
Love your bio! We agree 100%. But maybe you can add our new KB workout generator app to the list when it comes out :)
Having one of those days where everyone I see I think I know. Ew.
The arena is going crazy !!!
Blah blah blah Lakers suck blah blah.
Lol. My daughter
I love you with ALL my heart! Think about you all day! :)
Kinda blown right now
What industries or categories are a MUST for the 2013 Annual Trendscaping Report?
We love to treat our patients at Madison No Fear Dentistry & Nothing beats a warm fresh-baked cookie on a cool fall day!
Anyone out there know who wore #11 for Creighton Men's Soccer back in 2005 season? Prost! Likely a Senior?
the 1st one was incredible! Read it in a day! I got bored in the 2nd one but I'm going to try and read the entire series soon
On this Friday the 13th, I'm streaming Titanic the musical on spotify.
Minority pop growth accounted for 92% of US pop growth in 2000s. - Dan Lichter presidential address
We only have a 3 and a 10 day. Look at the difference between /forecast10day/ vs /hourly10day/ & /forecast/ vs /hourly/
Hey, thanks for following our band in Nashville! :)
taking a picture of yourself holding a sign? O___o
You are amazing and alive (in every sense of that word)! Love to you!
Thanks for joining us to memorialize the kids!
Haha! We see you !
#808Pride GIRL tell him i said to kiss it cause he aint worth ur time nvm that tell him2put a ring on it!!!
I'm a business student with a lot of web-based marketing experience if an opportunity is still available... ginellnarvaiz
naw I'm not
Help celebrate the birthday of Susan Duerksen by taking back our democracy! Let's sing 2 her @ the downtown federal courthouse & hold signs.
I wanted to let you know tht I really like u n I think your really cute n wen we hang n get to knw each other more we can b more thn friends
It's a shame that someone will have to lose in this Kentucky and Indiana game! These two teams have the court smoking!
What is NEPAD in your own words?
It's early but the Thunder look very efficient on offense so far. Of course it helps when KD comes out hot.
Ha! That's awesome. Maybe we should do a brief bellydance lesson at PLN tomorrow, and record it for posterity.... :D
The long journey earns its destination.
: that's awesome!! Congrats! Cheers, Jamie!
You been tweeting and DM ur fans.. but u havent seen my tweets :/ PLEASE follow and DM me!!! ? I love youu<3
+1 RT : Are older metrics stifling innovation asks the future lab? Probably...
Can't it be June already?
Same. RT : dear insomnia, i don't have time for you... please go away
Sitting in lunch having chex mix and a water..
Thoughts and prayers to Judy this afternoon! Get well soon!
Attended my 1st bluegrass concert in a cathedral
Whose excited for 's Birthday this Saturday?!(:
One of the best ways to protect cemeteries is to list them on the #FloridaMasterSiteFile! Site Specialist Toni shows participants how.
it was suppose to be in 80's its not just your phone
It's Opening Day, huzzah! Time to predict what day the Chicago Cubs will be mathematically eliminated. Bwahaha.
If she has a hamster, she's too young for you bro!
I went shopping for yo god baby tonight where you told me to go and I cleaned up thanks boo lol!
Rock scaling joke told by Greg Pujos "When a scaler sits at a bar he needs 2 chairs, one for the physical scaler and one for his ego."
at 's house adding some new settings to
chatted with someone at about signing up! these clothes will be so fun to send to Boikokobetso, my sponsored girl in So. Africa!
hey boo I'm moved to Atlanta call me 404 573 0312
Is it okay if I have a crush on Blaine?
Former #msf worker in Afghanistan asks why Taliban have attacked aid workers when they didn't do so before war on terror.
Lots of kids sitting in today. methinks they'll be learning new words today!
What could make today better for you? How do you make the jump from good to great?
idk about all of that im guessing they do it for attention (* shrugs shoulders *) i dont do shit like that lol
my little 5yr old sister's bday is in August. Every time i ask wht she wants she says" i want justin bieber to be at my party"
Thanks! RT Feature film by is casting The Glass Circle on 2/18: Details on VegasAuditions .com
I'll pretend everything's alright.
Pimpn' a 2004 X-2 out that leaves to Canada this week!!
I am so thrilled! I got accepted into evergreen university for psychology this fall! :)
Thanks for the coverage of Johnson County Middle School and their ninth Governor's Cup Title. does a great job for our kids.
..& she reminds me why I broke up w/ her ass !
If my friends can easily do without me when I'm bad, I can easily do without them when I feel good.
Amare struggling to find his jumpshot first two weeks of season is gonna be miserable without a real pg
DO YOU STILL ADD WITH YOUR FINGERS?....YES !
Tired and cranky almost punched a guy out but he made up and bought me a beer cool
I probably ought to stop before I finish the entire packet of
RT : RT : You must learn to translate wisdom and strong feelings into labor.~Jim Rohn
Most Churchgoers are "Blind Followers" Never even read the bible before.
It's a wrap! Cellophane Dragon Lady shoot is done done done! Can't wait to share the finished images! So sparkly <3
So excited to see up next on !! I loves her!!
My sister throwing a fit cause she swear she seen a wasp in her room. She's trippy.
Tomorrow we are hosting their 3rd Annual Community Baby Shower for over 400 new & expecting mothers
Happy easter twitter friends! <3
I want every1 that is in #AmarilloTx to go out and support #GGMG for #ThrowedThursday tomorrow night
Thanks for the pass man! Good Luck with the rest of the season!
: you 2 can both sport sole control shirts and try n catch eye. just a lil Advertising 
Oh , sorry i'd forgotten about Danni .
it's not on for me :/
yes!!! Waving!!
this is true. washu taught me pretty much nothing other than how to identify bias.
WE ARE THE CHAMPIONS!!
Trying on your wedding dress would probably be a good way to measure your successes with #HCG. It would also be FUN! :)
Girls want a lot of things from one guy while guys want one thing from a lot of girls.
I need you to stay
Let's make that a habit! Hugs!
its morning where you are? :D cool. It's almost 11:00 a.m. where i am (:
performing at TONIGHT at 8pm with Use code RADICAL for 2 for 1 tix!
That weird moment when you beat 3 high school boys at MW3..
Editing ... I LOVE you so...
Day/Time? I know papa spreed is out b/c hes coaching hockey all weekend.
We still getting excited about drops from MBDTF :-(
#IfIRuledTheWord I'd make sure , , , , & had it made.& could have everything
Did Smithsonian Castle this am, now at Air & Space Museum
"PABLO... Are you washing your ass?... Keeping yourself clean?, honey? Pablo?... Pablo?"
In the age of chimpanzees, I was a monkey
There's no spellcheck in sharpie.
sorry Ian. It's hard for me to abide bullies, especially when they present themselves as victims.
its my birthday tomorrow my girlfriend just called said she touched you're wrist for me at the stl agt show said yu were great
Thanks for the #FF mention today with such awesome #Jax folks. Honored.
: You scare me ... you scare me
"my name is Tori Stomach, hear me growl" haha she's so funny! Love you girl!(:
Sad to say I dropped the ball on gig promo this month on Twitter. Remedied for April! Fun SXSW for you? Am glad it's over!
: lecter just sent his track check my email bruh ... Not Yet!!
so far comedy at the grog last night, police parade & rock hall today minh ahn for lunch right now.
Hit my driver's side window on the garage door... Oops.
Austin ISD takes the crown for a second time - the first question is can they three-peat?
I'm Italian! :) Nice, but I have a lot to study, it's going to be an hard week. How about yours?
: out here livin like a athlete... fuckin niggas bitches in my bacc seat...
his little smile at the end of the episode after demi was told she got punked was the cutest thing ever
Looks like Kloppenburg just picked up votes in the latest count - appears to be up by 350.
As a waiter I worked for a lot of managers. Now I always try to be the mgr I would've wanted to work for. I now have the best crew ever!
To reach a great height a person needs to have great depth. -Anonymous
I believe that you will outlive the pain in your heart.
The beautiful thing about dreams is they have no expiration date. They stay alive as long as you want them to.
That's a bargain worth making
back in miami and already raging
Interview tomorrow at Sol Tan & Spa. I need this job!
My cousin almost got date raped by the guitarist for Maroon 5 but she's smart...she got away
I'm ready to be less high strung & relax more. This being annoyed ALL the time is stressful. Now it will be only MOST of the time. Progress.
Mood? Kill it
RT : Let's all take a moment to say a little prayer for this noisy, fractured, tempest-tossed republic of ours.
I really try to put others feelings in mind and make sure they are happy but if you get on my bad side my only pleasure is to piss you off.
i feel like crap today
when Felton is good he can be really good- like last night. But you got to be good more than 1 in every 6 games. Should go
R3 Program , Free PBX Business Phone System, HD Voice, Auto Attendant, Voicemail etc..., visit www.discountedt1s.com or call 512 873-0447
Us too.
Cheers for L Cheney prediction of GOP win in Nov. Bigger cheers for Harman: Israel should not be a political football.
yess we do!
Why wen niggas take pic they be having they chest poke out n the rest of there body stiff t'f!!!
Awake before Jesus. Total victory.
If Alaric just killed Bonnie I will be beyond upset.
You dont have a HAM radio? You n00b. Go buy the honey-glazed one. It gets signals from Turkey...
Salute to all the veterans. Happy Veteran's Day!
#AmITheOnlyOneThat gets those moods of sadness & you don't know why ?
All over my mouth
I'm not sad. I'm past pain. I don't feel depressed anymore. In fact, I'm having trouble feeling anything at all anymore.
Just finished up ma video 2 Be With a Star with n its been a long day
Just polished my shoes and they're already scuffed
Ever since , Anita Hill, & the Coke Can, I call'em Repubes.
when we gone kick it
We're here until 11PM ladies and gentlemen! Come on by and take advantage of our 25% off sale while you still can! It ends tomorrow!!
Imma be busy this whole weekend -___-
: cra-z weather 2nite! WOW! But ready for Will b there to help out! #excited #rockstar!!!
Amen to that!!
Glad to see #MattFlynn is coming to the great NW!
Every class with him ? </3 Yeah it kills me
The track meet would've been better than that bonding thing for china. Met another runner though!
Dear Forever, You didnt last.
RT Confidence is sexy but cockiness is a turn off ...
RT Neil MacGregor has a new book that tells the History of the World thru 100 objects. Big deal. Let's see him juggle them.
tell me this is not true Jag Fan..
Wow, #Community got Keith David to do narration for their faux-documentary.
I was totally thinking cookies.
Socialism. RT : The AL Central leader will be two over .500 at the end of today. No other division leader is less than 7 over.
the Olympic mascots are 2 one eyed monsters, way to be dicks about it London.
Don't you hat it when you're trying to text "homie" on your iPhone and instead it puts "honor"!
Just ate in Eastern Market DC. Now its back to work!
Think like a man of action and act like a man of thought. Henri Bergson
- i Would Pay For Sleep Right Now . .
Good luck to you A.J in your travels, and i'll be looking for you in your next TV show! Criminal Minds is not going to be the same now!
Gas Giveaway Sound Design, and more, is up now! Check it out on #productionvault!
*british accent* BUT DADDDIIIII. I WANT A RAZOR
Everything that I have is yours
Same with my mom ... like 98% of the time she takes his side
People piling on are absurd. He's a parent looking out for his son, and he has legitimate concerns.
If there is a hole in the bucket it can't hold water...
Everyone in this hospital is watching "Matilda."
we lovee youu & we are excited to see youu right 
Thumbing through my just-delivered contributor's copy of 10th Issue. Gorgeous cover!
Thanks for following! I will follow back!
there other factors but you'll see books written about America's dangerous sprawl patterns, just look at Vegas
we are happy to have you Alex!
2 fatal motorcycle crashes in my reports today. Dear God, please be careful on the roads. I'm just sickened.
Disgusted at and live i have stopped auto remewal and they are still charging me i dont even have an xbox anymore!!!
we good lalacece
I'm just me take it or leave it!
NF DIZ YOUNG NICCA NEW SINGLE YES YOU ARE IZ A CLASSIC N DON-G SAID DAT!!! #RealR&B
#hth2012 "What u get for playing dirty RT Target to stop selling Kindles as brick &mortar rebellion against Amazon "
Gettin my hair done!
Why does our pussy hair grow faster then the hair on our head? If it did go at that rate I'd have long Pocahontas hair!
I can't stand bitchassness
DJ Lucy Wrubel will be taking care of the music for #TXScotRiteAccessLux. So excited!
If you won't say it on the streets then don't say it in your tweets..
A person's mind stretched to a new idea never goes back to its original dimensions.
I am helping at the Kick It event and just realized I went to school with your kids! Can't wait to meet you!
Looking for seasoned franchises for sale. 2-3 with nets of at least $1 mil cumulatively. Have anything? Thanks
The editorial title is "The case for open computer programs". Open source not required. Diff is important.
Ordering from Ching Hwa!!
FLYERS SUCK! Oh and good morning guys!
you look like eminem
Any chance you have 2 tickets to Saturday's Grizzlies game?
then plan better and work smarter
never realized it was always you I was serving a bowl of chili &salmon sandwich/salad at sunroom! #missedconnections?! #loljk?
i hope that kid dose not try 2 cut my hair again
Ready for some playoff hockey. Here come the Hawks!!
:Vanderbilt's Carey Speaks misses a 27-yard field goal. Arkansas will survive. Again. It is a win but I'm not proud of it.
Agreed. It's amazing neither are not in yet. I would have to say Judas Priest too.
I'm with you. But I think it's become habit for some to assume a hastag of conference abbrev. + year.
thanks for following! MT Mondays soon?
New study finds: staying out of the sun and using sunscreen is not a guarantee against Melanoma. How to protect yourself, next
#WOFCollegeWeek Entrance exam!
Woo! The Blackhawks made my day! Just found out I won the Dave Bolland bobblehead! Thanks again guys :)
Thats cool too, just hang up on me -.-
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-74
#i312m5 What are the differences between "robbing" and "infringing?"
yes please. You name the place and we will go dance and drank and dance and drank
De nada. We enjoy your tweets! RT : Many thanks! Happy Friday!
Experts in digital marketing in Argentina? See for
read your article today at A List Apart. Thanks for the great advice.
Man I hate when a mf do something wrong and try to flip it on u grow the fuck up
2 Parties in Darley Park, one in Barlcay and now to Harwood. All this after door knocking in Midway. Whew!! More door knocking ahead..
Watching "Colombiana" for the first time. I like it.
Bout to make Instagram my bitch with a lotta pictures. Be ready.
The JFK killzone tours are pretty interesting and strange.
R. T. Davies, why must you keep killing them off? I'm 1 day behind, if I find 2morrow that Gwen is gone, I'll be rather cross.
agreed. modeling helps in so many ways.
Congratulations on your engagement!
is baklava on sale yet?
Many thanks to the two workers at the Brookfield, Wi location for opening the store for me during the blizzard early this evening.
It was "Battle of the Network Stars" on before this. I guess that didn't come in HD at the time!
I have to install a patch to get to work with a WCF behavior extension?
If love ain't found me yet .... I'm SOL
FedEx is terrible, worked there last summer and hated almost every minute of it
real men always take it we dont never ask
Zach Galifianakis was asked "who are you wearing" and responded "geranimals." Love it!
Staying home from school again... I wanna go to school. But mom said no, doesn't want me throwing up again.
right? , you should meet Chanelle.
well, i'm making dinner instead of going to Mcdonalds. so....
ask him if he thinks horses should wear a top hat.
Dear Internet, I have just acquired #Fables volume 16. See you in a few hours. Love, Sandra
Come on meta
Individuals who deliberately decide not to take offense lead happier, more productive lives.
Like father, like a significant influence on migraine treatment Walmart to talk about series
.5 beer is better than .00 beer :) sounds like an adventure!
It's too bright. I need darkness. Complete darkness.
Starting physical therapy again today
Who do you think were the doers of the past ?
Lol! RT : Josh Thomson's walkout shirt is priceless! "Hope isn't hiring" and "Vote Nope 2012" I LOL'd.
Hello, world, I'm back on twitter!!!)))
I assume from that screencap that #Plus allows you to segment your dawgs into Epic Bros, Brohams, Jabronis, and Bromosexuals.
#NowPlaying: "Blacklist Club" Album, by
#NYC users - if you're near the Cosmopolitan hotel take a photo of a room and upload to you'll earn instant cash!
Yay! RT: : I love George strait especially the song your playing now!!!! #lovesgunnamakeit <3 Making my day!!!!!
I hope we never have her again. Well actually the class messing with her is funny so I hope we do
I know! It's my favorite day too..... But you are here in spirit! :)
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great - Zig Ziglar. Keep smiling.
It's a fight alright!
Hey! I'm MLDB from Animal Jam. I just changed my username to TheDogLover. I changed my user on here too for secret ;)
I'm swoll you ain't over here with us
Thanks, Suse -- and thanks for being there for me.
your thoughts!?
yea lol i like you guys lol
I think I'm going to go war with myself. XD
thanks for the support! It's just about the only sugar left I take in everyday. I LOVE creamed up coffee but will get this done :)
couldn't of said it any better. : Just Because We TEXT, Don't Mean We "TALK"!!!!!
It is so hot.. Im forreal about to die.
I got the second one!
Some of yall do shit just cause its in a song...yen really smokin, poppin or sippin.....sit down..
Then Mimosas??
go Jhonny go
Vip table Friday night with .... Vip table saturday night with
Thanks for the purchase Will!! Look for it next week. I have some new art ideas I'm playing with. Prepping for an April.
The In Living Color theme song was my favorite song.
Educational Sciences! It's beautiful!
Crying. Feel like chundering. i want my tablets. i want sleep. i want to be able to look after myself independently.
Hiwever, If any politicians get on the plane with me to Nome this weekend, I'm running off screaming...
Thanks! I will!
Congrats! Welcome to the world of Groupon addiction
just won my parking appeal. will not have to pay a ticket. in your face!
Surprised with some Hoptimus Prime last night. I suspect we'll dive into the '86 Orson Welles version for this.
Well #Packers the #Bears got stronger with Marshall. Neal flunks drug test & Wells screws team. We need a DE & OLB or we are out of hunt
thanks shayla!! xo
Wondering if the Nuggets will pull this one off??? hm
The polar bears have made an entrance on screen reacting to the speaker. I think Tupac is about to show up.
i know this is kinda random, but your gorgeous!
Been reading Stubbes today and according to him you can May-pole dance your way straight to deflowering.
For the record, flaking out on people will ensure that we probably just won't be hanging out at all.
I change my mind, now I'm #TeamAdam cuz I like Javier =)...plus sissy likes him too ;)
Text FOOD to 52000 to feed a family of 4 in
dane copies me
Thanks for earlier RT.
Hello to all my tweeter folks out there!?
What are some things you just CAN'T do without during the week? Coffee is top on our list + cell phone is a very close 2nd.
thx for sharing our article! hope you found it interesting!
Sgt. John Mikkola: He won't accept his shooter's apology but says he will sit down with him one day man to man.
Lazy Sunday watching the crew and the masters with the pooch snuggling with me
My pool needs to be opened asap
inspires me in weird ways.
Final performance of the year, this Sunday at the First Christian Church of North Kansas City. 4-6pm
You don't need a title to minister You just have to have ministry in your heart.... "Dr Iverna in class last night"
the comments are interesting; i love that the proceeds are for library diaster relief!
So sad. Makes me sad for her...she's 5 and he still treats her like she's 2..doesn't even know her..#thankgodfortheirmamas!
you're going to love it :)
-relaxes and puts head on door.- oh my god. Thank god.
The #FreedomSong has an amazing story and it would touch, heal, and inspire many to find that good in bad!
just heard Tulo is supposed to be on Intentional Talk tomorrow - MLB Network
That feeling when you realized you put your skinny jeans in the dryer.....
Bitch Bend Ova
do you have happy hour this Thursday? It's my birthday and I'd like to come with a bunch of friends.
who Drew.? I wanna go curl up in a hole and stay there for a while.
but when one wants to have sex, women have it so much easier. :-(
Ready for an amazing week to come!
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that makes Your plug
you're gonna regret not caring
LMFAO says when he walk on by girls look at him like damn he fly or maybe cuz hez wearin animal print underwear!!!
I love it when my company is cited in a review of our competitor as a better option!!
location isn't my priority for this one... But UWM bringing football would be good for UWM and Milwaukee
Dr. Ladson-Billings is one of mine. I'm glad we share a she-roe
shameless season one is on its way to me via , I have been watching current episodes and find it LOL!
a watch, a painting that she wanted, flowers, and dinner out. All in all, pretty good?
"True Blood"is now casting5major roles are being cast for Episode #504 respond to with true in subject
XBOX SUCKS!!!! Fix the server!
Thanks, Anna. (And you too, , man of infinite patience that you are...)
you were talking shit about paddy quinlivan... NO ONE talks shit about paddy q.
New video tomorrow on YouTube twitter twitvid new song
Congrats to Mr. & Mrs. Forge!
First and last exam tomorrow
It was so great to see Kathy Fredgren. What a wonderful time we had!
because Tampa is AWESOME.
can you please email your question to ? thanks!
This right here is a panty dropper performing tonight
she is an ugly duck who is pretty as fuck . making sex lot doesnt make her a slut
How did you send the tweet?
That guy looks like he slid right into the Spanish Flu epidemic of 1918.
; thanks for the replies :) I hope you each have a beautiful day!
Ding ding ding!!
Thanks for the reminder that I haven't TOUCHED Greek in about a year.... -_-
You didn't get four candy canes like glenn coco?
Honestly who wouldn't... it's sounds amazing!
thank you sir
you gonna take them to the casino?
Block, punt, pass or tackle social media? You have to do one of them.
I'm still I'm love with you
Happy Friday Everyone!
Sad We still out here partying for lyric Bday nobody wanna go home
oh i better watch out my sister said she can hire someone to kill me.
has discovered a close correlation between instant gratitude and delayed gratification.
Stress is a huge factor in weight gain...and disease. Emotional/mental factors are just as important as exercise & diet.
Control your own destiny
Qponomics916 here, joining the social media club live via Ustream!
screw math im going to bed
Looks like I'm gonna have to work the waiver wire
Tell me about it smh RT " Broads be frauds. . ."
Be sure to stop by for the 5th annual today! Lots of music and fun, indeed!
just killed that shit!! It can't get any better
Another day, another follow from a Death Metal band from the Midwest.
hahahaha what can i say? i fully commit to the creep.
Good show tonight. Couple weeks in a row now.
I need that!
Took today off from work to edit... Gotta get a lot done...
where @? Maybe we should hit on sat?? Jus for the day
they just ain't doing it right
people respect us more after our win though.
All too often we are giving young people cut flowers when we should be teaching them to grow their own plants
Murder Was The Case That They Gave Me by Snoop Dogg
Ready. TEDdy. Go!
You can have the dryer if you want when ours comes. Seriously.
Come thru in a viper, yessir I might white nike her/ yeah she straight but get it straight, underestimate I might just dike her
Dear FL State Troopers, thanks for setting a good example when it comes to signals and lane changing. Yes I'm being sarcastic.
When complimenting a girl's looks: 1. stunning 2. gorgeous 3. beautiful 4. pretty 5. sexy 6. amazing 7. I'd cut off my ballsack to be with u
hadn't ever heard of the rare candy code before I told him about it today
Just gave suellen a fat lip...whoops
Im hungry i need something to eat lol (thats that fat shi*) lol
Bobcats worst record? How can Michael Jordan be that great a player, but that pathetic of an executive.
Check out our newest products! We now you will love them!
great tweets Tom! And thanks for bringing IU basketball back from oblivion :)
Haven't been this tired in a long time. Since, like, at least yesterday.
too lazy to landthieves it, but did we find out why they were all susepnded?
I have a handful I follow on blogger - have a great joint blog! I also recommend joining the DailyMile community
We are in #Downtown #SanJose today! Don't miss out on a chance to eat The Food of Champions! We all know how healthy #ahi and #salmon is!
woo hoo thank you for that up date. Ready for this weekend with NATO and of coarse the crosstown classic?
Great Video of Bugatti how it is made, and how fast is it??? www.apinsights.info One of my friends drove it. It is FAST
#PPI's or #proton #pump #inhibitor #acid #blockers associated with increase #risk of
ya i am! are you?!
OMG SAME IT KEEPS SAYING NO MATCHES FOUND
I feel like listening to some freaky shit.
Sarah is there !!!
love you bro bro!(:
What your favorite hobbies? (other than #studying of course)
I don't know how someone could follow 100,000 people. O.O
Dear Facebook u suck jk loves you but jeez stop changing :D
Alrighty, the ladder set is up (: I can't wait to see what people think of it! Miss you, xox!
RT : Just convinced a solo runner to finish the last 20 miles I can only hope to have that kind of strength one day
RT : "The only thing an excuse gives you is an option out of the life you'd like to live." ~Dr Wayne Dyer
Truth : When you tell the truth it becomes a part of your past. When you tell a lie it becomes a part of your future
let's get it
That doesn't even make sense.
Rangers involved in a close game? I find that surprising.
Who knos what 2 do when ya account won't let u follow anymore ppl?
": When you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, then you'll be successful""
Picking up kids so we can make piano lessons. Waiting for the snow to start falling.
raiders for life
Following advice from #Fallcleaning today. Basement & closets done. Now the office. Salvation Army and I are both happy.
I can't add anyone to my equation;D
I miss you too! I want to.. I'm Bored -.-
I would like to know how many people thought the first scoring play would be a safety?
Katy Beth Perry,last Friday night was amazing:)
You glow gir!
You've just given me my new Twitter blurb!
I've been trying to be on time for years..the ish just don't work!!!
: Get beat
No Mobwives tonight :'-(
can't spell roll tide without 2 "Ls"
I don't know - I say eyes on the prize. How do you propose fitting that all in?
Falling asleep to 
watching Source Code to end my evening. Oh Jake please marry me.
"June" he didn't have details ...it's possible it doesn't happen but it might
I don't believe in superstition, but I do believe people can be huge jerks when they don't even know anything about someone.
what is it. Torn acl?
Here's another shot to hoping she'll force feed me her vag!
Lots of orders going to tomorrow: cupcakes, cream puffs, bagels, more bagels and bagel chips.
I hate you
no sadly :'( because in his bio he says "I don't text fans"
Watching Grease, early Travolta is so great because he is totally unafraid of his pelvis.
Irony. Reading Einstein quote that passion is integral right next to notice of three more days of standardized tests next year.
French Conversation Meetup Tomorrow!
Want to know yet another reason why #foreclosures sales processes are broken?: drawing names for property assignments at an #REO conf.
just finished my longest and most difficult research paper ever in my whole life. i feel relieved.
Watch out, I think that #StephanieSutton's head might explode if and coach McCarthy show up for #DWTS tonite.
Also, the house band at 's event is killing it. Manu chao, outkast, nate dogg, and a great snoop cover.
pillow pet?
I miss your weekly Ustreams and you putting up your covers every week. I know that you're busy, but it's just not the same now
HIT UP ": GOT A HOT ARTIST THAT HAS A BUZZ?! HMU TRYNA BOOK ARTISTS TO HOST TAPES"
In adult school -.-
incredible! Perfect way to wake up in the morning. Love my man Srv. ;) thank you so much!
Free drinks !!! Quick!
Made a black russian/colarado bulldog with diet rootbeer instead of coke. Sometimes you just have to work with what you got.
Told you their jeans suck. I hate the way they nip in at the waist -- Mom jeans in the worst way.
really now lol.
This Tues., 7/19 @ 6pm the Mayors Bicycle Advisory Committee 417 E. Fayette St, 8th Floor. Open to the public, bring your bikes!
Me too RT : "only one that completes the pain can take it away" I like that
so you get email when you want it, as opposed to a flood?
hii did you seen my tweet lol ? :)
oh yeah?
And I'm pretty sure the only one who can in jeans(dressy) too.
I'M WALKING ON MOTHER FUCKING SUNSHINE. IT FEELS LIKE THE CHARRED SKULLS OF CHILDREN.
Studio's new home is SINGERS FORUM as of Monday! Looking forward to seeing you there!
lol. Just kidding.
Thx for the RTs on tonight's #HHAwards with Kevin Spacey! !
Drew Brees is a savage... I know Peyton Manning is out but he sure as hell doesnt play defense, Indy has quit!!!
I trust your speech down in Orlando went well. One day when you're back this way I will have the pleasure of hearing you speak
he definitely made my day!(;
lol we're like 5 ft away from each other and no hello.
Everything in stats, I understand so we will see how this test goes. I also felt confident in English last year lol..
Wow I advent been on here in awhile I have tweets from 3 months ago in my time line.
That travel call on Withey is the worst worst travel call ever! Some of these calls against Kansas have been ridiculous.
thats gotta be one of the most deepest tweets ive ever read! ;P anyways thnx for following! :D
Nobody gives you power. You just take it.-
..indulging in silence
we going to be ghostly brothers
canadians >>>>>> YOUR FACE.
oceanside tomorrow goodnight!
What if that was Gabriel Jr.? ;) RT : Lmfao i am nothing like my mom she started crying because she ran over a puppy & i could
Dumbset, Drumset, I Can Make Her Comeback
just came across a random fact on iGoogle. Sharks will only attack you if you are wet! Well, Duh!! Where else would they get you? the mall.
Putting away your phone and paying attention to those talking to you? There's an app for that. It's called R-E-S-P-E-C-T!!!
Been forgetting to tweet. So much to do/plan for next event! Stay fashionably tuned!
stop frontin' you know that's your blog
Just booked a $145/night room for $65/night booyah!!!!
: I'll talk to my dad, and yes.
Never underestimate the power of popcorn to help brighten your day!
GEORGE HILL CALLED A FUCKING TIMEOUT!!!
Brett Favre vs. Peyton Manning would help drive one of the most watched Super Bowl ratinigs ever & surpass the playoff sucess to date
Yeah no matter which way you look at it the optics aren't good. It's a clear elbow high. We'll see what happens.
My homework brings all the asian's to the yard, and they're like "it's not even hard"
thank u for following me :)
Haha!RT you know me too well! My other got burned along with some Giants flag
(while learning about herpes): "This is my high of the day!"
Gonna be exhausted all day.
Clearing out the warehouse in a hurry!!
I'm ready for my weekend to be here now
here here but u said might. U are, take it claim it
On Thursday I'm doing a Birkman consult in Cost Rica and Friday one in Germany...all from the comforts of my office in Baton Rouge!
Hide 'n' seek champs: 1. Osama Bin Laden 2. Waldo 3. My phone on silent
;) we just had our first wedding anniversary in January.
Happy Friday to you contessa! Xo
I love it when I have more brilliant ideas than I thought I did...
My vocal hero is gone. Vocal performance perfection! Whitney Houston.
FF support womens rights in backwards Saudi Arabia!!
Your right about the Bucks trade, the more I find out the better it seems.
Except I really DID sing in a barbershop quartet in Skokie, Illinois. Other members: Shawn Green, Ben Weber, Scott Schoeneweis.
the key is to go fast
The Team is working on quoting imprinted promotional products.
I'm just tweetin up a storm tonight lol
Ok, we're gonna give this another go. Stay tuned for updates on our weekly calendar and more free advanced screenings!
Had a rough start to my day, but seeing another "Congratulations" tweet always lifts my spirits!
go to the NYC show Webster hall memories
The necropsy performed on a bear killed in Lino Lakes last night found apples in its stomach... evidence that someone had been feeding it.
I'm confused?
Hot babes should follow me lol..
Best party I've ever been to with Happy 40th, ya big oaf.
For those asking, we don't have the video of Riverside / King fight and not sure whether it was crowd related or team related.
Yep, it's time for a change. ALL SYSTEMS GO!!!!
I hear that. I have been with him sober six years and still can 'feel' it when he or I are traveling.
"Since Christ Himself has said, "This is My Body" who shall dare to doubt that It is His Body?" -St. Cyril of Jerusalem
Evid calling out at fundraising events works... now that i know this, the possibilities are endless.
you started it
#Blackparentsquotes " You Got Some "McDonalds" Money ? "
such a good show!
YES do you want to come?!
haha. That's some true funny shit right there!!! All we need is Shannon sharp to bring up the rear!!!
Choco chip cookies or sugar cookies
This could work. This could really, really work. (Step 2: Twitter about it.)
substitute pasteurized liquid egg product or substitute 1tblsp mayo for each egg.
Yes, we have our first grammar caucus comment.
haha. So how's life? (;
Friday 11/11 at the Wine Cellar in #mtadams (1101 St. Gregory St., Cincinnati), 9pm.
I just saw someone get slapped..lol
I bought a nice mix of Rose, Viognier, Zinfandel, Muscato, and a Syrah, all produced on the west coast
H -Town -Nothing in Common!!! :)
Ugh....glad that went to commercial
Another day, another dollar!
he'll be able to use that if he goes again ! Lol!
My point exactly. He has those issues and is still proving that he's worth at least some of the money he's bound to make
Alex Clare album is so nuts
SEE YOU **AFTER HOURS** AT AMNESIA !!! 4250 THOUSAND OAKS - DOORS AT 1AM !!!
A women who cookes clean committed thats the C's i like
Oh yeah, did I mention I got a follow from fucking ?!
Monday night class: Writing Through the Image. Trying to increase my ability to do research on and utilize critical media literacy.
Rick Perry's ad "Strong" has 181,606 more dislikes on Youtube than Rebecca Black's Friday video, making it the most hated video on Youtube.
i love that song and i love Larry Hernandez too :)
Is it bad to go drinkin before your tax appointment?
Most intense workout of my life. Feelin the sixpack
I had so much fun last night hanging out with my sis at webber's, and my play brother and his mom who is so sweet
Feeling kinda hungry....
Good morning Twitter. Happy Mother's Day to all the mommies out there.
Guys lets stop using 'shedding' and just go back to saying 'practicing'. Cool?
LOVE the design of your ad in San Diego Magazine! Looks great
Get your stretch on (or watch other people do it while you eat a sandwich). Group yoga, 12pm every mon. at Schenley plaza
It's due preferably tomorrow at class time, but I'll take them up to 4pm at my office. MB hope for rogue asteroid? ;-)
I remember... It's at least gotta be 70 out tho... Block rules
being authentic RT : RT Be memorable by walking your talk.
If QualityNewMexico is a non-profit, how do they afford these awards & banquet every year? #PyramidScheme Always some Ex-CEO speaker too.
We can't believe we missed free macaron day! We can't wait to share a ton of tasty garden herbs & veggies w you this season.
And tonight it's Ommegang Keep the Glass Night at Tilted Kilt!!!
Just Reduced to $775,000! Beautiful 3 Bedroom Spanish home in Mission Hills - Open this Saturday from 1 - 4!
Electric mass mobility for urban environments
Dogs and the mounds of human health concerns
#NorrisColeFacts Norris Cole will end up having more rings than Lebron, even if the Heat win the championship
Thanks for the follow! Followed back :)
Day two back in the gym..it feels good .. Kinda hurts my legs tho..no pain no gain
Eating less calories doesn't necessarily mean eating less food.. You want to eat foods that give you the most for your calorie buck whic ...
RT It's So hard for me to sleep without a fan
The Unit server upgrade is complete! To say thanks to #Unify users for their patience, we are going to run a quick give-away. Stay tuned...
Such a beautiful sunset! Miss ya! Have fun this weekend.
Hacked You Girl!!(:
Definitely. It could have easily been made for an older audience, even if it meant making the books longer.
yo, just poppin by to say hi :)
No clue! I'm hoping they do! * <-- a snowflake
Never lie to someone who trusts you. Never trust someone who lies to you.
oh ha damn was it really. Thought we was getting close to two. Thats why guys don't remember that shit for, a reason like this
This is my favorite part of the day - GYM TIME!
Thanks, JN! Me thinks this v relevant to @
I feel Better I didn't say I could spell betta! (LOL)
ATTENTION!!!!! MY 21ST BIRTHDAY DINNER IS TOMORROW AT CASA OLE @ 5PM ! COME CELEBRATE WITH ME!!!!!!
do it! we do it all the time down here...white is so cooling in the southern heat! but gotta love NOLA!
Yes my children, this is The Goonies. Enjoy!
she's not on the program, but I'll look for her. Asecs 14 in Williamsburg, so I'm sure she'll be there.
Ew why is Fri so close to Monday but Monday so far away from Fri...
You do not want to miss PGHTee tonight ! This is a great chance to see great art and drink tasty homebrew.
Huge thank you to our wonderful sponsor, , for the amazing prizes and for supporting so many inspired moms!
Please, please, please follow me, I'll die and if you follow me... Guess what? I love you, without you I die you are away!
sure thing! I start next Monday, just FYI. I'll definitely keep y'all posted.
1st evidence I've ever seen that any woman uses the #okcupid mobile app for anything except posting screen caps to reddit.
because its good ass shit bro..and you need to suck up for all this youporn chatter!
Have a tech topic you'd like to see us cover? Let us know
RT New post: Fitness Guru Shawn Phillips Reveals The Truth About Nutrition Shakes
Looks like the sun is finally coming out enjoy your weekend!!
The best use of a personal foul ever! Green Bay is shook
D.R.A.M.A=======>Dumb Retards Asking for More Attention!! #Get a life
also, how bad is it that I read your reply and thought, "I could go for more." Second also, I made my own corn chips yesterday.
Great musicians! Thank you for including us! :))
ONLY DID WHAT I HAD YESTER. WAS HURTING FIERCE ALL DAY..I'LL GET YA BACK..COUNT ON IT..T/F/S..
It wasn't a dream. It did happen! Good morning
Petty Lol :) RT!!!": #iusedtolikeyoubut your mom was always there for me and well... yeaahhh..."
": you do that to me ! -.-" BECAUSE its funny how you react cx lol
suggest washington street - can see full trophy from ther. I'm sure it will be an aweosme pic!
..find that funny and strangely appropriate. But what do I know. I'm at the plastic surgeon--NOT for a boob job.
Software like a sushi, it always has to be fresh
lol its intense like ive pretty much always had a 6pack but what ive been doing ill have an 8 in a month or 2 maby shorter
Combine concepts like smarter commerce, smarter planet, and business analytics, and you see how IBM can change the world.
My pleasure, thanks for the opportunity to, well, collaborate!
Boston: Why honk your horn for only 2 seconds when you can hold the sucker down? Just let 'er rip in the middle of the night for no reason!
IF I RULED THE WORLD ID NAME AN ISLAND FOR YA
People are like stained-glass windows. They sparkle and shine when the sun is out..
Practice Practice Practice.... The only way to get better at what you do!!!
You can have w.e you like #teamlibra there's no love stronger then Libra love
summertime is purdy much here. great times, great friends & great FESTIVAL!!!!
If your looking for todays best toys at the best price check out www.todaysfavoritetoys.com
Hmong Village is a pretty exciting place. You can eat like a king for less than $10. A St. Paul must see!
Sounds good! Work approved my time off, so it's just a matter of buying my ticket and shit. Fire and Ice..we moshin'
Atta kid George Kottaras. I seriously love both Brewers catchers, Kottaras "The Accountant" & of course Lucroy.
I have no money. Im at work. Im hungry :( Can someone bring me some food of any description?.
Was hoping things would get back to normal after this weekend, but no
There is a crying baby on every flight. WITHOUT FAIL. Please god,
This might be as good as the Cookie Monster reading. Ellen Reads '50 Shades of Grey': via
thanks for the TEXAS pick prediction machine. OIY!!
Tough luck Kershaw, no W once again
I had coffee Patron just now and it was SICK! Never again. I don't want my hair to grow anymore
las Vegas this friday:D four hour delay in Dallas tho ahah.funn(:
Getting excited (and nervous) about the 48 Go Green this weekend!
alcohol completely explains this conversation
The most annoying baseball player on twitter. I coach little league kids that are more relevant in Grosse Pointe
Wait....New Jersey is next to New York....I might meet the boyz either way...alright...i'm good(:
Blue Sky Noise - ...buy it.
Waiting is painful. Forgetting is painful. But not knowing which to do is the worse kind of suffering.
really Tryna to get on the #GATrain at 5:15 put me on put me on
"I refuse to bury the text in the body." Farid Matuk
I think its your phone because I can recieve things
All those lessons were learned the hard way...in the marketing trenches
I'm sure that you could quickly strike up a sponsorship deal with Boots!
Bama and Auburn have wrestling and NASCAR.
Study abroad advice from IEM Intern Lauren," Pack what you think you need for a semester abroad, then cut it in half."
#iplspring now up: school color cases; not enforceable on their own, but enforceable w/other indicia of source (Smack Apparel case)
"librarians are working wherever knowledge is critical to society"- professor Dave Shumaker on
I'm convinced that when a guy and girl are best friends for a long time, they are eventually going to fall in love....
dont even think im gonna attempt to do my hair today... stupid curly hair. Rain hates you.
Gabriel & Chris won't be home then
I am trying to think more about emotions these days, you know, those things that only women are allowed to have
woman in black..this friday
on founders: they build a company by convincing others to see what they do!
In which case, I should still get it. Because. I'm a boss
Yep Good Night Bye Bye 8)
I'm not a part of the family tree i don't think, & having to read all this love makes me upset. Delete my @
Yeah guess its just a rap thing lol. There were some for 50 in London and cardiff but they had gone : ( x
#microstories "I'm ok, he doesn't hit me that hard."
So my son won't go to sleep as he's freaked out about Santa coming into our house while we're sleeping... He's got a point.
One swing baby, one swing.
Omg I know:( It's insane!
Some noteworthy
how the fuck did chop suey get on my ipod?! And why am i listening to it? Fuckingg looser.
Good morning, Laura. I remember you frequently appearing on WTTW's Chicago Tonight when I interned there early 2011.
What a gorgeous morning after a crazy storm yesterday! Hope your thursday goes well!
haha no! Just sometimes
Looking for a new publicist...
I'm not even talking about the cloud, just my local NAS/Homegroup. And I don't really put video on my android.
Turning dreams into reAlity
Allison couldn't find her pen. To put those at the edge of their seats, it was in her hair
No traffic in the middle of nowhere!!!!!
So glad they brought this production to Chicago! You feel the SOUL! I bet LA would not have sounded this incredible!
And those huge doors that open make your inside feel like outside!
Billy Hunter is holding out for your 47/53 shoes.
Thanks for the follow, finding your tweets very interesting.
Might check out the this weekend!
o stop it qt u r 2 sweet
Talk that talk to me oh :P
spending this Mother's Day with the best Mom in the world :)
thanks Jeff and look forward to catching up soon !
Bring your mothers out to with tonight! 18+ to party, first 98 people in FREE!
lol how am i doing that! Nope we closed on mondays
I been drinking all day all off and on lol Sold 500 kegs of beer.
We reduced shipping prices at our online merch store! Order now and we'll throw in a special little something! flighttoathena.bigcartel.com
all day, e're day.
Should I be scared? Homeland Security Department telephone system was hacked for $12000 worth of phone calls.
where are you?
im soo damn tired
I think it's time to start charging prospective employers and clients to interview me.
My 77-yo mother texted me to say she'd received a good doctor's report today. In other news: MY 77-YEAR-OLD MOTHER TEXTED ME.
RIP Earl Scruggs
I would love too :(
Everything Happens For A Reasonn ,
2nite 7-9 Bryant Park Myron Walden Momentum features on trumpet in lineage of masters but unmistakably himself
Do you think about me still ? Do you ?
just wondering how pumped is right now that the stock market is up
Wished I had gone to that fight party after all. Sounds like a good fight.
#Happy #Monday Everyone #spring break
Eight days and counting to 2011 Wisconsin State Fair - August 4 - 14. Visit the Foundation Booth next to the Racing Pig Arena and enjoy a 
hey guys follow us :)
having a great time with thank you for being such a positive force
calling for "richer sense of what it means to document the data model" includes the programs that run against the model.
Not much! How are you?
RT : A4: Show youre ready by going above and beyond the call of duty
do we get some of that?
When my rooms clean, it makes it look bigger.
lol..don't consider myself one of those. Just trying to serve. Congrats on Howard !! Have some great Frat brothers there
I adore you!
anytime, Michael!!
yes! Ppl overreacted cause they dont want austin dating. Hes not gonna be single 4 ever. No need to hate
What a beautiful Monday! Heading back to Chicago today! Happiness is a week of nothing but the beach pool yoga & the gym!
#LUMINARIA FOLLOW ME. FOLLOW ME. FOLLOW ME. FOLOW ME.
That was the 10th no hitter in Angels history. Awesome.
Thank you, as always, , for the community RTs
:) so true
right on...have a good night bud! P.S. I dig your website..
haha we were always friends I heard your back around town ...
I don't like him, but I do respect his work ethic.
Bangs with the boy .. Finally saw his knockout punch lol
Hates working when he could be home playing Madden
i.hate.school!
You know what, GREAT POINT! I stand corrected :))
i didn't know you could write in korean! ^_^
oh how i love basketball wives.
Keeping north Alabama in my thoughts today  it's been a rough couple of years there with these storms.
Is Dreamhost a real colo slice? If so, you probably want to shell login and check how much memory/CPU is in use
Susan Parker: Our libraries' success depends on how well we work with our faculty and student researchers. Amen!
It appears to be Adam Ross,
Having Zense for lunch makes me think of :) miss you girl!
Laker fan for Life win or Loose
Would you drop Gerald Henderson for Jordan Crawford or should I wait until Young situation resolved
Thanks for great customer service tonight #amazon. I screwed up my order and you fixed it for free at your own expense. See u next time.
sorry I just wanted to point that out
Idk why but today I was such in a bad mod:'/ aghh what a day...
U stream was a mission complete brahh lol
Definition? RT : Word of the day "BACKSLIDER" LOLOLOL
Wish I had remembered my merch tonight. :') Played a fun show with Carolyn Miller, Stewart Pillow, and Roxie Randle.
After it came out Dennis Miller said they were already working on #6. "They're calling it Star Trek 6: The Apology."
am gonna swag it out
Haha oh I am totally with you man :-P. I can never remember to take a water container with me anymore.
35,000 schools is a low number, historically. CWA built 40,000 schools in the 1930s. We have many more people now. And the need is no less.
I honestly just want to be a better person than I was yesterday
you're welcome(:
I just remembered last year when tweeted me and wished me a happy birthday...one of the best days of my life. <333
Good morning Family! So many amazing Easter stories shared from across all campuses. Post your story!
Good Morning to all! Lord you are good and your mercies endure forever. I worship you because of who you are!
GOOD MORNING VA. IM BOUT TO DROP THAT VA BAE MUSIC VIDEO IN A MINUTE.. LIKE MY STATUS IF YOUR READY
Happy Mothers day to all you teen mommies out there! 
ok I just saw a tweet that said it
working out and then getting drinks with yayy my love <3
Skinny-dipping in non-private pool, late, on a dark night - foolhardy, or fine? (Looking for a bit of support to bolster my impulse.)
I believe all Americans should watch American History X
thanks champion <3
Dear iTunes, Please just call it an update. Version 10.141232 doesn't make you sound cooler. Sincerely, really? Another one?
No shit. My parents were all like "What's wrong with you?" and I was all, "Umm, I'm nine. So ..."
I'm sorry... Doneguys can be such asses...
Ayers: "Long-form scholarship has not been replicated on the Web except for ordering books on Amazon."
drive faster.
no he was the typical matt
I don't remember that part lol. Guess I wasn't paying that close attention.
hell yeah!
yawn! way tired! listen to basenectar to wake up?? Yes. :)
I'm not a doctor, and I don't play one on TV, but I do think you should drink some water.
just did
Got my milk now I wanna fuck someone and ill be happy
me too! The event sounded like a blast. We must get together soon!
Tell me what u think about the new profile pic
Need some Hanukkah gift ideas? Gonesh scented reeds and diffuser oils make awesome holiday gifts. Ocean is truly phenomenal.....
Hey you should rename the Sounds of Coachella channel to the Jack Johnson channel.
Watching Goal! 2: Living the Dream
Talk to at least one intelligent person per day. Or talk like one intelligent person at least once a day.
Last chance to purchase discounted NBA 2011-2012 Season tickets! Email to get yours!
Think it's on alternate channel 1310 if not on 1309!
I know! Seans picking me up from the airport and back to our old house to get my stuff n have some tea and then onto a new start!
Those baby feet are SO CUTE!!!!
Can anyone recommend a great #freelance graphic designer here in ? I may need someone for an upcoming project.
Is the out channel on io digital cable? And is there gonba be a website to watch episodes online?
#Jets-#Chargers...looking forward to the post-game handshake. Go Bolts!
Ace Ventura impersonations are super relevant in 2012. Thanks
fair enough. Good luck at the ultrasound appointment anyway. Hope you get good news.
I can't wait until I'm bleach blonde and dye my hair black again.
Bored ass hell and can't sleep
The snow goose need not bathe to make itself white. Neither need you do anything but be yourself. ~Lao-Tzu
Does anyone know what the first soda pop drank in outer space was?
Hanging out with the girls tomorrow!!!
Why am I this tired BEFORE I eat?
Need a Massage & a Good Sleep #Drain.d 4 the weekend
? I can't trust anybody anymore
Brandon from d-e-e-p.
Where is everyone eating this weekend?
Is it me, or does buying a LivingSocial deal for Lasik surgery seem a little reckless?
thanks for the RT!
PATRICIA GUTIERREZ left a bio 23 file in a classrom in Meister. Please pick it up from the office of student government Meister room 209.
Hey Man If I Get U Some Of Our Shirts Will U Rock Them? I'm From Upstate NY Just Tryin To Get My Name Out Uk??
": : Follow < oh thanks!" at least you didnt tell me to fuckoff lmao
#Royals split 4 game series with #NewYork. 3 game series vs #Boston begins tomorrow.
I wish my mommy can come get me !
#AskScandal who is the actress you are talking to in this scene, the mother character, she looks so familiar
Sometimes I feel like taking a trip down to homestead by myself just to drive... And think....
need to shut down that machinery in my head :( need to catch some sleep tonight...
holeman and finch
Beware because Santa is looking at those pics and saying "naughty, not nice" :)
Great.. Mixed signals..
Just found out am going to Disney for New Years and a cruise in the summer!!!!!!
Grumble. I apparently can't spell when I'm frustrated.
: wdup wit that collab??? lets do it man!! Picka time n place
I'm a huge fan of the 100% Argan Oil. On my face, it absorbs fast & is so luxe. Still figuring out how much to use in my hair!
'All the rumors regarding Marc Anthony and Jada are false,' says Jada's rep. 'Because we just made that shit up,' she thinks to herself.
how you guys liking the Chicago snow? Lol #WelcomeToChicago <3
The key to change is to let go of fear.  Rosanne Cash
before sunset + amelie are definitely on my list. thanks for the other suggestion, Ray! :D
out your chips from stack well behind line or verbalize. Seems like your being petty instead of easily fixing.
We have such a knack for picking the coldest, wettest day of the year to film. Why break the cycle now?! Going to be a great little project!
You still have a few hours left to catch 1/2 price burger night - buy a side or soda (get a beer!) and your burger is 50% off!
#SaySomethin is an awesome song I love it (: <3
this joint is off the hook murdered it.
haha that's not a problem. Tomato Tom-ato!
most definitely. EMU for undergrad, worked at the Sidetrack, and grew up in Belleville down the road.
I can't wait for the midnight show of Hunger Games!!!
RT : A2: Sales & Executives often drive the SOW, Negotiations, etc...contract handed to PM. Need PMs/BAs involved up front
New number inbox me your number if I had it.
Yea not really but I'm off here til later
Obama has abandoned no principles. You have when you abandon him. GOP wins.
hoping that a door knob was a single trip..
If u love me.. this how u let me know.. don't ever let me go.. that's how u let me know baby!!
It's a booming business--home healthcare. The folks at explain next on time warner ch 362
DANG he a real goon
8+ hours painting the new studio. Got it all over & only halfway done...at least the Kermit Green wall is gone
and thanks for the favorite!
Hey Seattleites, what's the best thing that happened to you this week?
Packed house at Vessel for New Diplomat's CD release party... www newdiplomat.net
we all do
We're about ready to dive in w/questions, so shout out to to say hello & so he knows you're here!
Filming thursday and friday! =D
Welcome back heard you did well nice articles about you your the man
bug folks!!! This is why I love Twitter.
I wanna move to a place where the guys have accents, or where one direction is
It is labour indeed that puts the difference on everything--John Locke. Sun Valley Hospice wishes everyone a safe and happy Labor Day.
May 1st... wow only for days till Cinqo De Mayo
Filner says he has a detailed jobs plan that focuses on the port, making it a major maritime center of the country.
5 people thought I was a senior! Lol that makes me feel old!
haha, but you get off early a lot lol cx
I cried when I sat on my balls just now.
ok good :D
You have the swag of rick morranis
It's not as valuable to me as Packers stock. :)
": Third game this year. Do u get VIP seats? My son and I are going to Clippers/Pacers game Tuesday night.
We be right behind Hey Cupcake!
Today SCP and GB Magazine are hosting a full day of shopping, pampering, fashion show, & lunch at Saks Fifth Avenue to benefit Fundacion Luz
- decided to be the phone nazi...not doing a very good job of it.
for the most part yes I do! I wasn't that bad last night lol
Why do i feel like pizza hut is doomed?
I'm listening to some Gaga's remixes hahaha. Some are pretty good.
Name for a cooking show: "5 Star Kooks"
cuz you're awesome! duh!
haha all of them!!
Now he looks like a good time! Hope you all enjoyed your Cinco de Mayo festivities!
i walked today and i worked in my friends yard
never said he was but the redskins aren't bringing back Heath Shuler either
It takes a lot of strength to do this, but more than anything strength is the motive. You might ask what her motive is.
I'd rather lose a game that isn't worth a ACC Title than lose the ACC Title game haha
Just won 1st place in the Florida Stae Convention stage contest , 2nd in strolling and 3rd in close up. all about the stage for me though!
Aston Martin music
oh man, that Greek Panini sounds amazing! Way better than my stuffed red pepper...If only my office was closer.
Seeking # Jr .NET Dev with C#, .ASP, SQL # experience. Please contact
you are the best. Miss ya dearly
Come on...get tweeting. I have lots of articles for you:)
I really am becoming nocturnal...last time I slept in this late I was 16. Wake up! Work time! Oh and moves in today!!!!
We just need to pin more folks. :) : Yeah, I am only non-official person pinned. AWKWARD.
#DontYouHateWhen you get to taco bell and its closed!
Alright gosh, i'll just say melissa
This panel is blowing my mind. I want to have coffees with every single panelist, all so interesting & inspirational.
If my heart was dying would you save me At least hold my hand If our love was leaving would you could you understand you were always down
Just FYI - that's a fake Matusz account
txting and stuff bored
Wis. Gov. Scott Walker says no budget repair bill needed despite new $143 million shortfall projection
Last night I layed in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself, where the heck is the ceiling.
Dell with Dell is a great combo. We have several great wireless printers to pick from. Let me know if you have any questions.
that's just stupid!
Land being bad tonight!!!!!!!!
Hey you just woke up and this is crazy, but I'm your alarm so get up lazy.
#IfItWasUpToMe weed would be legalized right now
Alright. No more tweets until Tuesday. Shutting down for communicationshutdown.org
that's Chicago for ya man.
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 35
RT JJ Redick saved the Magic tonite with a terrific..career hi 31 pt effort. His back to back 4th qtr threes were huge.
He said it! "Being a cover artist is not like being a real artist. That's just copying what someone else did." - Bach
have fun
Morning! It is way to early to be awake on a Sat
Happy Mothers Day!
just trying to make things happen and not let things happen to me,lol
The LA Times is reporting that European investors are poised to buy a majority stake in Pocket Kings, the parent company of Full Tilt Poker.
I'm not even going to lie. Every time I see your tweets I roll my eyes.
Niall Horan is Handsome is trending ... we all know I agree.
RT : Had a #likeable field day with and very proud of my winning team!
Help trend #RyanKennedy he's a cancer patient that wants to trend on twitter!(: so make it happen <3
teehee i liked josh's relationship status :P
i this del rio steal his cars from someone are some were
we will be saying that about u 1 dayTai!! Can't wait for u to get to seattle so I can watch u pitch! #keepworkinghard!
For everyone that I just followed, follow back thanks! I'll be following everyone who follows her
Hey,what's up,Berry? Playin this weekend?
hey just saw this!
mostly after the rule was enacted. Again, not a perfect rule, would prefer not to have it, but it has made some difference
Not yet, but it's on my list! Let me know if u have any other recommendations
Thanks Rebecca. And I was reading your piece on subway on way home. VG, as always.
Royce White is one good player but he may need a 25+ pt night of Iowa State has any chance. Does have 6 already
I'm still really afraid to see Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close. Terrified. May never watch it.
#ReplaceAMovieTitleWithPenis Project penis
Bailey lives in Tacoma!
We actually talked about your lack of suit. Nice work!
Going to have so much fun today :D
good luck tonight..
haha nah I texted you twice after that and you never texted back
Yay! I love stretching my ears! ^_^ 7\16IN. :D can't wait to have my Day Of The Dead plugs for xmas!
Glad things are back to normal
I find out at the end of the week if I made call backs for a feature!
Like Zeus/ im bout to #zap you wit the fire.
On Fridays we like to have some fun around the office, so today we're having a James Bond marathon. 007 All Day.
Going Too Philly This Weekend
But hold on I can't lie gurrrrrrrrrrrl yo pussy taste so good
And if not, no big deal.
I don't like pissiness, but it also seemed lively. Of course, I've only seen a tiny glimpse of the tweets.
BABY YOU LIGHT UP MY WORLD LIKE NO ONE ELSE
Thanks for the RT!
Yell extra loud for me! I work on Saturdays, alas.
or should I say all grown up? HA!
thanks for tweets this week!
Just Tried the new Ilike Yogurt power peel, raw, organic and seriously effective. What's your favorite skincare recipe?
I think Brad needs a haircut! Did he even wash it before the red carpet?
just got back from a holiday party!
Blah well that sucks, >.> they are jerks JS
Editing my demo reel. Then more work on my Charity/Documentary. Things are going pretty great
Looking forward to bustin the next couple weeks out and getting to Theresa's birthday and a two-week project shutdown! It will be nice to be home for a couple weeks straight to enjoy some time with Theresa and our family!
Speed, Book 2
This eight by fourteen inch tool carrier features 3 inside compartments with 45 pockets and tool holders. Innovative tool organization featuring upright storage and quick access as well as protection for your most commonly used tools.
Scene from Porridge (the movie, 1979) where the warden Mr Barrowclough is trying to retrieve his colleagues dentures stolen by prisoner Fletcher
Benjamin Fulford, the former East-West bureau chief for Forbes Magazine, had been discussing this for some time  and although I had interviewed him four or five times, that was the full extent of my involvement.
The problem for Rupert Murdoch and those around him, however, is that there is more than one dimension of progression  beyond the purely horizontal one across newspaper titles and walks of life.
STAY AWAY from folks who preach violence, STAY AWAY from those who want dismissal of the Constitution and its restraints on government, and STAY AWAY from those who seek the overthrow of the government. These are people attempting to use you for their own ends to gain power: see the Occupy groups in the U.S. for an example of how bad this sort of movement can be.
Fairies dont belong at work.
I found it hard to adapt to the level of rudeness New Yorkers show towards you in the city. It draws apart at times. And I have a problem with the racism that still separates blacks and whites and will probably not be resolved in the near future. I am also repulsed at times at the social gap in between city parts and how uncaring people trample upon each other.
patissiers - chocolatiers - fashion designers- fleuristes
small plug-in electric
Of too much sweetness
Mellow down with the tri state area easiness of Twin Atlas as they make The Wheel all blurry.
Well anyway, Patrick Swayze played this dance instructor named Johnny Castle at a resort in the Catskills. Jennifer Grey played Baby Houseman, and she was there with her family. Anna paused for a second and then said, Hey, I just thought of something. Baby and her family were spending their whole summer vacation away from home, just like you. (Anna)
OK, let's think about this question for a minute, shall we?
At two my son was a bruiser. He was more prone to hit you up side the head with a Tonka truck than he was to stroke your cheek. He knew nothing of what it was to miss someone and he had been with me all day so there would be no reason to say it, even if he knew what it meant. He was happy when I took him to the crib and happy to lay down for his nap so there was no reason for his chin to tremble with emotion. From that moment on Ive had a peace in my heart with the knowledge that our loved ones dont really leave us, they just leave the vehicle we recognize. That was possibly one of the greatest gifts my mother ever gave to me! Thanks Mom!
Maybe its about flowing with life. Letting go of the resistance and allowing it to happen, to come into your life. Alan asks us to let it happen in the second part, but maybe its in the moving piece too, the lining up. Makes sense that theres a certain amount of letting go involved in getting in line.
When I was growing up, my Nanny taught me how to bake. I think that is one of the reasons I love baking as an adult. Nanny loved it and she passed that on to me. She used that old teacup to measure her sugar. Of course when I was a teenager and taking Home Economics, I explained to her that it wasn't an accurate form of measurement and would most certainly mess up the baked goods. Nanny humored me and we used measuring cups. I'm not sure why I or she did not think to measure out one cup with a measuring cup and fill the teacup with it. We never did. I did that a couple of months ago. Guess what? I was exactly one cup! In honor of my Nanny, my sugar canister now has a teacup from the stonewear set that she blessed me with for my hope chest when I was in junior high. I measured it too. One cup.
Its the grails params.id that is the problem. In 1.2.2 the above URL would mean that in your controller you could have params.id == Some Item
Happy New Year to you all.
My life has shattered, but I cant tell you how. I cant say it out loud yet.
"Microwave popcorn has twice as many calories as air-popped, and if you pop your own with oil, this has twice as many calories as air-popped popcorn."
No I cant be(frantically recounting),I definitely made 54....
Maneka
Does this even make sense? who cares. I'm having fun. Oh no, the French band is coming up. The token French girl at our party is going nuts. We need some rope to tie her down.
For the Lord is good and His love endures forever;
I now need to plan for 3 and add "toddler school" to my daily plan, complete with play dough, puzzles, drawing, collage, water paint and anything else that comes to my mind.
Don't forget to visit each of my co-hosts and enter
looks at me
So now it is 2012, I moved back to Illinois from Virginia. A job was promised to me but would find out the company lied and will not answer calls or emails.
- Western state governors could not provide proper security for the Japanese, or from saboteurs among them.
Cheerleader for the blame America crowd? No, thats not Obama. He did not say America deserved to be attacked on September 11, 2001, as Christian preachers Jerry Falwell and Pat Robertson did. When he met with Vladimir Putin, unlike George Bush who claimed to have looked into Putins eyes and claimed to have seen trustworthy man, Obama told Putin the facts and extracted tough agreements to our nations advantage.
(This assumes youre using a DSLR. If you have a point & shoot, dont bother.)
Stray Cats Runaway boys US
And I also got to meet my new 'granddaughter' in the form of a Jack Russell mix.
He moved Laverne out of the way, then stuck the yardstick into the other end of the cabinet. The mouse ran toward me and got past me. SH jumped up and chased the mouse. It ran toward the laundry room, but he trapped it with the yardstick. I covered my hand with the handkerchief, then gently closed it over the mouse. I held it close to my face so I could see. It stuck its tiny little mouse head out of the handkerchief.
On OFL you'll find more recipes for Halloween:
The final 50 stories can be found online here. Do have a look if you get the chance. I've only read a few of them so far but it really does warm my heart to see how talented and creative our children are.
i had a million reasons to stay home... "i'll pray here..." i thought to myself... but because i had already put my name on that vigil calendar, i decided to keep my hour long date with my Father on the sidewalk on 5th Ave across from the Kensington abortion clinic.
Once again Im left wide-eyed. The accessibility of art in this city is dazzling  sometimes at zero cost to the public. Ive already written about a stunning Picasso exhibition at the Gagosian art gallery in Chelsea last year; right now its an eye-popping collection of Monets paintings of his garden in Giverny, France.
And in the very back of the back yard (turn right at the turtle....go past two bunnies and a wild turkey....and then turn down a winding path) .....you will find a little house.
Some seventy years ago a scholar named Dorothy Sayers wrote a series of essays about the Church, in which she documented what was then the perception of faith from outsiders. Her words are as strikingly accurate today as they were in the 1940s. She wrote the following:
5) Jesusits Saturday and the pants I wear every Saturday are still in the laundry. Thats just ruined my qi. Cant concentrate on anything. Might as well go back to bed.
We had been warned that Saturday 28th would see a large demonstration in Kuala Lumpur for free and fair elections in Malaysia. Thousands of people gathered in the city for a peaceful protest, the final of which resulted in the crowd storming the barricades to Merdaka Square, where they had originally planned to rally but had been banned by the city council at the last moment. This was met with force by the police who fired water cannon and tear gas to make the crowd disperse.
Chef Mark Mills who, with partner Jody, revived the run-down (and at the time closed-down) Plough just over twelve months ago wanted to treat his guests to some beer styles that they had never tried before and between us we figured we should give them a few challenging beers as well as some more approachable ones. Mark sorted out the food side of things and my task was to showcase what good beer was all about while expanding the beery horizons of the appreciative locals.
Fish for a few hours and eat a crumbled granola bar if you where awake enough to remember to bring one.
Velma loved God and had a desire to preach. She became an evangelist while she was still a teenager even before going to college.
According to the city kansas missouri news televison and broke the city kansas missouri news televison of Harvard, was adopted as an athletic color to honor Col John J Cook, who graduated from Harvard, because of Kansas, which became the city kansas missouri news televison to the city kansas missouri news televison and football championship games. Most recently racing has come to KC in the city kansas missouri news televison are other neighborhoods of both below-market interest rates in Kansas City, Missouri was first incorporated in 1850. It is one they will be required to have a degree in engineering and are often joined by some of its location, Kansas leads the city kansas missouri news televison on the city kansas missouri news televison and the city kansas missouri news televison of alcohol being on the city kansas missouri news televison and soil. This was because the city kansas missouri news televison for suburbs such as oil production and mining, as well as a boring place, Kansas City features an exciting arts scene, and is fun for all nationalities.
As Money explained last summer, these "server farms" and "data centers" can each use up to "a small city's worth of electricity"  and most of that electricity goes toward "cranking up the air conditioning to make sure the computers don't literally melt themselves into slag."
So I have to sit here waiting for the phone to ring  just like last time. Theyre testing for feline AIDS and leukaemia, doing a chest x-ray then theyre going to ring me when they get the results back to make a decision.
We were talking about our relationship and about his pending guideline list for me. He had shown me parts of it earlier..and I did NOT laugh at it..but I kind of wanted too. For some reason, my husband who is not formal in ANY way, wrote up a list that sounded like he was going to present it to the Supreme Court. Seriously. I hardly understood any of it. He used words like "the first party" and the "second party" and "digressions." I thought it would say stuff like "number one....no using the "f" bomb in our home." I think he's making this more complicated then it is...I just want to know what makes him tick, better ways to serve him....how to make myself better for him. I guess from a man's point of view that is a lot of pressure to say "I want this from you."
This contest is open to Canadian and U.S Residents and will close Wednesday September 8th 2010. Winner will be chosen randomly. Please leave your email in the comments unless it is clearly visible in your profile.
Chiles are a great healthy addition to any meal, and the New Mexico, or Anaheim, variety are a great choice for grilling. They are meaty and not hot. I enjoy grilling them and them stuffing them with good food.
It is amazing how dirty everything is. What the heck? Im not a neat freak, but I didnt think things were THAT bad. Oh, Lord. I hope nobody I know wants to buy a house and looks at it.
and yet you STILL have, for example "The New Jim Crow" RESULTS perpetuated - while we no doubt hear that "IT IS THE SYSTEM THAT WAS NEVER CREATED FOR THE BENEFIT OF BLACK PEOPLE" blamed as the problem .......................they can't bring themselves to note that the NEGRO (or Progressive) that is now in power IS AN AGENT OF OPPRESSION - just as the "Klansmen" who occupied the seats of power before his time.
I told Kaylee this story and continued to answer questions about abortion and teen pregnancy. We talked about the show that she's seen at friend's houses that is a reality show about teen pregnancy and mothers. I told her, as I have many times, that sex between a man and a woman as ordained by God in the holy union of matrimony is a beautiful gift to be enjoyed and relished, but, outside of matrimony, either premarital or extramarital, is simply dangerous. We talked about many other topics that day.
And so today, you will hear words that sound like Spanish, flirting with the dialect and tone of French. What you are hearing is living proof of a revolution, born decades ago and still flickering today. Often you will see two La Vanguardia papers  or Catalonias largest newspaper and a major newspaper in Barcelona  side by side and youll note a difference. One version printed in Catalan, the other in Castilian. La Vanguardia, does a fair job at staying objective; because taking on two different languages can mean taking on different views.
Who is it? he said as he finished dressing.
 Officers stepping on patrons backs;
We flew out of Sydney on Saturday and tried to squeeze in as many opportunities as we could to say goodbye before we left. The outpouring of goodwill from our friends and family really overwhelmed and surprised us a little. Thank you.
Lifes battles dont always go
When did you last pin back the wings of the Menaus Lytlap?
Diamond dust in Snowpoint city.
I'm still having fun digging into old linens and making them new and happy again. This is a set of Ralph Lauren pillow cases I found in a sale bin and bought ages ago. They don't really go with a thing (which never keeps me from using things I love in my home), but they've now reached that lovely texture of softness and fray. I blanket stitched the edges and corners to keep them whole.
Mike DeJean - 3.0 WAR = 1 point
Other aliases for Mr Hollande included Gouda, the Flan, a caramel pudding that resembles one of his nicknames, and more transparently, Rose of Correze, combining the Socialist colour with Mr Hollandes rural constituency in central France.
I honestly think that, if it weren't for my other kids, I'm not sure how I'd manage to go on living. This just hurts so bad.
~Velda
Challengers that introduced unconsidered evidence:
The second pouch I used a combination of Katy's tutorial and the zipper insertion tutorial Katy recommended at Sew Sweetness but I cut the zip just a little too short this time, my fault not the tutorial's fault. I'm much happier with the construction of this one, although not so happy with the overall shape. The triangle is made up of 25 paper pieced triangles in Lark by Amy Butler.
The one with the plain cover is Drawn and Quartered. Its dust jacket fell apart many years ago. Favorite Haunts still has its dust jacket, which is in remarkable shape. And Monster Rally is a softcover I was able to find on my own. A number of Addams cartoons are also in the bigger anthologies that collected works of many wonderful cartoonists. But none were quite as perverse as Addams was, though many cartoonists who followed him brought their own brand of lunacy to the genre, ie Gahan Wilson and Charles Rodriguez, both of whom contributed to the National Lampoon.
The attachment makes very nice buttonholes and you gotta love that space-age plastic box.
However, there is a slight problem with this anti-statist approach. The programs espoused by many of these intellectuals, from Eric Hobsbawm to Herbert Bix, Noam Chomsky and Dai Jinhua, require a stronger, not a weaker state. Anti-statist they may be, but at the same time they call for equality between ethnic groups, well-funded public education, social justice and generous welfare programs. In other words, a fairer distribution of the communal goods. But in order to distribute fairly, one needs to invest the distributer with considerable power. And as long as you expect the distribution to be more fair, more just and more equitable, the distributer has to penetrate further into the fabric of society, and to employ more, not less, legislation, enforcement and coercion. Money for welfare will not come of its own. Someone has to collect it. And if more money is to be collected, the collecting bureaucracy has to be bigger and stronger. In short, there is an interesting schizophrenia in the political ideology of the New Left: on the one hand, it detests the nation-state and strives to weaken it as much as possible. On the other hand, it still wants it to fulfill more functions, to collect more money, to enforce more justice and equality. Leftist intellectuals and activists are beating their cow, and at the same time expect it to produce more milk.
The end of April brought the first BBQ of the year for us. Very exciting. Nice to have the longer days and the warmer evenings.
But seriously, what a mess.
"Just this little one called return". He answers.
2I was dumb with silence, I held my peace, even from good; and my sorrow was stirred.
Also, the SQ between SideA and SideB is slightly different. Given KBs tapes are the same type, it seems possibly two different type tapes were used in a past dub. It's apparent when moving from one to the other that the high end output isn't quite as high and doesn't extend quite as far. The signal quality of SideB is still very strong and smooth, its just an obvious change like a HQ metal vs normal bias tape.
"We have a good fundraising plan in place and I am confident that we can fund all current and planned litigation," commented Eric Reschke, the group's executive director. "We've been here for five years, and I expect the next five... if necessary."
I hope you love it.
BusinessWeek - 8 hours ago
2 slices of whole wheat bread
Messages No 13
Well, hello and thanks for clicking on my blog on the IndyHumane web site. Maybe youre just curious about who I am or maybe youve met me at IndyHumane and liked what you saw. Either way, thanks for reading my blog.
gene simmons pumpkin pattern 422
It is this pattern which prevents a clear signal to people, policymakers and markets about our predicament. We seemed to be crossing the Rubicon of peak oil in 2008 as prices rose to $147 a barrel only to cross back during the subsequent two and a half years leading to a new nominal peak in production in January this year. In between the price of oil plummeted to around $35 a barrel before rebounding above $100.
it eats on unaware!
YOU MUST REGISTER BEFORE THE BATTLE via email:
In 1896 we saw an account in the newspapers of an amusing episode which occurred during a meeting of the Pontefract Town Council. One of the aldermen, noticing that the councillors had "to go borrowing" snuff, suggested the re-introduction of the old Corporation snuff-box.
Bio-Formulas Tonics
As I was writing it, I kept imagining my editor expressing doubts, and even worse, the scathing reviews if anyone read it in its current messy state. It was starting to get longer and longer, more and more out of hand. It wasn't right. "Keep it simple," my agent said. Good advice.
Yet German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schuble acknowledged "the price would be very high" if Greece left the euro, both for the country and for the broader euro zone. Actually, it's an utter disaster any way you look at it. The system won't work. Greece will go and then the next weakest member will succumb to the markets as well. Spain? Italy? Who knows. It's not as if the European economies are picking up or anything. And Berlin doesn't look in the mood to serve as lender as last resort in any case. Things need to continue to shake out on their own and that will put further strain on the grandest plans of Eurozone planners in Brussels. It's an amazing time to be watching this. And don't forget: The collapse of Europe casts fresh aspersion on the progressive left's statist project here at home. That's why President Obama told Hollande not to fulfill his campaign pledges to soak the rich and stroke the public workers unions. If France falls further, the socialist brand will bear the brunt of popular recrimination.
Planning a cheap DIY beach wedding is not that easy. Suggestions are very welcome! Especially involving ways to save money on food!
And for once this isnt my usual pathetic plea for comments to give me a sense of self-worth (well, its not just that). Id be most intrigued to know.
For the first time in at least a year, Jenn and I were able to go to the farmers market at St. Phillips. Thats the same farmers market that I went to a few weeks ago and left after five minutes because I am boring. It was a heck of a lot more fun with Jenn. The market has nearly doubled in size since we first heard about it 3 years ago, I find that awesome. There are not only a lot more vendors there, but now they are selling more than just lettuce and honey. There is all kinds of grass-fed beef, mesquite flour, gluten free tasties, even somebody selling sprouted seeds. Someone flies up to Alaska every fall and catches a ton of salmon, then freezes them and flies home and sells them. Its great to see so many different kinds of locally raised and organic options available.
17- Jindalee Operational Radar Network (JORN) Laverton, West Australia
God is unchangeable.
In some ways it is the best of both worlds. I get to decide the flavour of the stories I want, the topic and the style. But I also get to read great stories sent to me from all over the world.
above the shoulder blade of a young woman, her second customer of the night. I
For years, vessels caught in the thick fog along the final approach to San Francisco Bay were forced to hug the coast, putting them in danger of the rocky outcroppings that provide the beautiful vistas to sightseers, but prove deadly to boats.
how to bubble
Heart of a Rayt by Rocket from the Crypt
Keep your hands visible and approach slowly.
However, the contributors do not simply tell you how to get these circumvention fares. Everything in the thread is coded.
Whats the best thing that ever happened to you?
Where does the name come from?
I met Sue and Sarah at one of the restaurants in the city. Sue's friend, Kim, is in from San Francisco for the week to see her sister, Lisa. She met us for breakfast. We had a real nice visit and catch-up. Coming home I noticed the car acting a little funny. Since it has about 72k on it, I'm thinking...shocks or struts are needing replaced. Stopped for the mail, none. Said 'hey' to the post-mistress, MaryAnn, came home. Parked car, got out, looked at right front tire..............going flat. Damn!!!!!!!!!!!! I know just where it happened, right at the top of ---- Hill. Good thing it was a slow leak. Funny thing is, on Friday night I had a dream that someone took all of the tires and wheels off of the car and left it in the lower yard on blocks. Ha! Anyhow, gotta take it over Sam's and see whats wrong.
This review sounds like I did not enjoy the book. I enjoyed it but also found it frustrating at the same time.
The second style of Isan music is the warbling ballard, that, if I am brutally honest, bores the living shit out of me. Thais love it, or to be more precise, Isan Thais love it. The melodrama, the angst and the truly awful videos that accompany them. Many was a night where a 30 minute taxi ride home felt like hours because this stuff was banging out of the radio. 88.5fm Louk Thung Thailand, you bastard. Only beaten by the all day taxi update phone-in radio show. A joyous affair.
I desperately do not want to strip more paint. But. This nags at me.
Here was the bedrock issue. The only reason for such unbelief was a failure to comprehend Gods ability to work in and through us. This means there was a break down in our comprehension of what God can do through men. For most, the question has never been, what can God do? Everyone believes and knows God can do anything. We must personalize that question. At my current faith level, what can God do through me? Do I personally believe God will powerfully move through me to others?
And so Zabby, Beth, and Eliza, three Elizabeths from very different walks of life, find themselves at the center of the most scandal-filled court that England has ever seen.
I was taught from a young age to appreciate my God-given rights and to cherish and protect them against all enemies both foreign and domestic. I was taught by my Southern family that government, particularly the federal government, was something to be closely watched and distrusted. Its role is supposed to be limited and its influence minimal. Put plainly, I was taught that government was something that was a necessary evil, but generally was something only needed to organize the people in case of invasion, not an all-powerful master. Put plainly, we are all unreconstructed Rebels and very proud of it.
Well, the first thing Elm Publishing could do is put a ? at the end of the sentence in the above quote. Secondly, publishing in paperback and hardback does not make you different than other self-publishing services, and allowing self-publishers to use their own purchased ISBN doesn't make you different either. There are many author solution services providing such options.
The outcome? Well end up with a big giant feed here where people have linked to lists of classics that will then be linked to their personal discussion of every classic on their list. This will make finding fellow classics bloggers easier. And? It will be fun.
Hubby: You can't just answer "Five" for every question! That's not happy, that's delusional.
I suppose it's means to an end in some respects. I get peace to stock my gardening shelves and they get... well, I don't know what they get. No doubt they just move onto the next shop to see who will engage them in a conversation about how warm it was one week and how cold it was the next.
A willingness to compromise can get you better results, too. If, for example, your initial request to fully remove your name gets refused, see if asking to have your identity anonymized will work. And if one person at the site youve contacted keeps stalling you, see if theres another you can contact instead.
Later on we get to see Tyrion does what he does best, which is schooling some arrogant fool in how the game of thrones is played. Lancel goes from an arrogant, haughty knight to a snivelling child in about 10 seconds, and Tyrion gains another informant. As he keeps saying, Tyrion is not Ned Stark, and he intends to keep all of his extremities attached to his body.
Luckily, Google had a list of possible side affects (in ENGLISH) and after reading two of them "Nervousness, anxiety...." I had the "Ah Haaaaaaa" (Ah haaaaa dumbass) moment.
Maybe Ill suggest another training trip for myself to India. Their heat makes ours feel bush league by comparison. And theres a good chance I could come down with Dengue Fever.
The story is that after passing through eight Jhanas, successive stages of meditative awakening, and after many trails, Siddhartha awoke fully to the nature of reality and stood up from under the bodhi tree, to continue with life, teaching others about the insights he had gained and teaching all he met the path and techniques awaken, as he had experienced. However, before he left, he paused to look with gratitude at the Bodhi tree, without blinking, for one week. And then spent another walking back and forth from the Bodhi Tree.
In its first full year of operation, 4.4 million vehicles used the tunnel, while in 2009 that figure was 27.7 million.
When Sleater Kinney went on permanent hiatus following their final release, The Woods, Brownstein turned to a number of activities, among them blogging for NPR. In a famous 2009 post entitled, Rock Music Goes the Way of the Beard, Brownstein lamented the the rise in popularity of mostly bearded men making very sensitive music: Fleet Foxes, Andrew Bird, Bon Iver, Devendra Banhart, Beirut, Girls, Grizzly Bear, The Dodos, Iron & Wine, and so forth and so on. The former Sleater Kinney guitarist noted it worked for both genders, throwing Feist and others into the mix as well. Brownstein advocated for more power, more agency. What we need is more contemporary rock music that addresses or mirrors the chaos, the gray areas and the uneasiness. Just go listen to The Stooges or Bikini Kill for a second to remember what that sounds like, she implored. I enjoy sweet songs as much as the next person, but Im tired of passive music that allows us to merely sit back. I want music that makes me sit up. Personally, I think its time to shave the beard and risk getting a cut or two. 
The only bad thing about curries is the prep time. I chopped vegetables until I thought my eyes were going to cross.
Ash looked everywhere but at Ronan, he could tell something bothered her.
Bags of homemade pierogi dumplings ($8 for 16 pieces) will cover you for your next dinner party, available with potato and cheese, meat or cabbage and mushroom fillings. You can also pick up boxes of bigos hunter's stew ($8), golabki cabbage rolls ($8 for three) and flaki tripe soup ($9), generous with beef tripe, carrot and marjoram - all homemade by Hanna Luczak. Krokiet ($6 for 3) are deep-fried croquettes filled with minced meat and vermicelli noodles that make an easy, reheatable snack.
Black Girls
ElizaPresley.orgHello jesse, We at ElizaPresley.org would like to wish you a happy birthday t
Sadly, I didn't have a Plan B and my Damascene moment never came. Some booksellers passed through the shop like gap year backpackers in Goa, taking a breather before going on to enjoy successful careers in television or publishing. I stayed and became Colonel Kurtz.
Go to a store that has their bathrooms in another building outside of the store.
Why do you need permission? Pinterest is fairly new and growing rapidly. Unfortunately, a lot of copyright laws are being violated so we have to be careful about what were pinning. Im currently in the process of weeding through my hundreds of pins to remove anything that violates copyright and to make sure that Im only pinning things that are okay to pin. This could take a while!!
Cogito Ergo Sum
Rental costumes are a pretty good idea too. We have this place near us that does authentic movie type costumes which is neat, and rental is about 35-55 dollars depending on the costume. (Great deal for the looks available) This is also where Im going to get some of my wardrobe for photoshoots and such. For all of my coastal Georgia readers, check out Acme Costumes in Garden City, GA. The backroom is the authentic rentals and the front is all the normal costumes. They have year round business unlike most seasonal costume places.
Q: But Joe, I've got a self-pubbed ebook on Kindle, and I've only sold 6 copies. Wouldn't I sell more through a publisher?
You will need your finished molds.
WIE: So you feel theres a kind of purposiveness to the way the universe is evolving; that, in a sense, it reaches its fruition in us, in human beings?
Saturday, July 29, 7:30PM at Corbett vs. Dempsey
We haven't had much bright sunshine this winter so when I saw the light shining off the flat surface of the water through the twigs, I had to take this picture. It looks better enlarged but it doesn't capture the full sparkle properly.
I wondered if he ever got tired of repeating the same daily pep talk to every audience. Charming and engaging, he could have had his own talk show -- and maybe he will some day. We practiced cheering, then cheering wildly, then applauding, then stopping applauding, on cue.
No? Jack cried. He paced around the room. What do you mean no?
14.What do I get experience for?
THE CRISIS IN LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA
The avarice of the early '90s would lead to the downfalls of the Limelight's main characters. Alig would be charged with murdering fellow club kid Angel Melendez. Gatien was arrested on drug charges in 1996 -- by then, the Limelight was a veritable candy store for ecstacy and 'special k' -- and in 1999 for tax evasion. Alig is in prison, serving a 20-year sentence; Gatien is in Canada, presumably forever.
Ahi Amarillo or Ahi Panko Paste (optional)
What makes the novel keep going nay, surging ahead amidst stormy waves and emotion is the distinct style of writing adopted by the author Ismita. With each chapter being a narrative of a different character, the reader not only gets to understand what a character is thinking, he/she is also aided in pursuing the mystery of Love on the Rocks from different interesting angles.
My second favorite recipe?
Recap:
Running without a purpose is what I'm pretty much doing right now. I find it odd that I feel that way, but I've been training for a race since December of last year (until the half a few weeks ago), so it feels like my running has no purpose. When I sit and think about that, it almost sounds depressing, but I actually look at it as a challenge. I've used races and schedules to keep me focused on my workouts for well over a year now. It's time to use myself to stay focused. I think it's going to be an interesting journey...
And now... Drum roll please... Can you feel the anticipation? Take a breath - I sure had to! My latest famous quilter to scratch off my bucket list - Eleanor Burns!!! (...and the crowd goes wild...) Eleanor was this year's special instructor at for the quilt show event. Every year they bring in someone fabulous to teach classes for several days before the show and this year was no exception on the fabulous. I wasn't able to take any classes, but I did snap a picture and get a hand set of rulers that included a 2.5" fussy-cut square. Sooo made my day!
3 stalks green onion, cut into 1 pieces
Daughter: Well, theyre dorks!
Getting a good deal on a gun is useless if it is not something you are going to train with or use, or is not mission specific for your needs. Ammunition, web gear, lights, magazines, slings, holsters, optics, etc., are other essentials you will absolutely need besides owning just the weapons.
When a Vermont pastor's father became deathly ill, the pastor called the Green Mountain Baptist Association. Like many pastors in the state, he works another job to make ends meet. Unable to pay for the long trip home to be near his father, he needed compassionate counsel from a trusted colleague in ministry.
Love is not the right word-
There is a harmony of unified energies that are racing to embody each of us and through your intention and devotion this Living Light of the One Source we can fulfill the divine plan for humanity.
I knew the voice, Paul Owens, football team captain.
I apologize for todays rant, I have a serious case of the jitters and don't even know which way to look at this point!
More than cleverness we need kindness and gentleness.
He said the commission would now draw up economic targets for all member states in five key areas, including employment, poverty reduction and the number of young people attending university.
A handful of parents of students in the Lebanon School District say their children arent given the same opportunities as others students.
Balhae became a major empire in Northeast Asia and occupied southern parts of Manchuria, Russias Primorsky Krai, and the northern part of the Korean peninsula.
In order for glassware to be considered crystal it must contain lead oxide to give it an actual crystalline structure. This addition enhances the piece's brilliance and strength and also enables artisans to better work the molten material. The addition of lead also augments the cost of the item and the amount of time it takes to be manufactured.
After talking to her for a few minutes about the position, I told her YES! This was a job that my friend "A" heard about from her friend "L". "L" had worked with a friend "G" for a while and "G" later took a new job at a different office but "G" and "L" still stayed in touch. (Are you following me here?) So, "G" had been at her new job for about a year. "G" is pregnant and decided that she would be staying at home with her baby instead of returning to work, so she was helping in the search to find her replacement so that person could start early enough so "G" could train them.
Mann notes that the simple discovery by Europe of the existence of the Americas caused an intellectual ferment. How much grander would have been the tumult if Indian societies had survived in full splendor!
"Jones Harvest Publishing along with 230 (so far) plus SIX OTHER COMPANIES is finally filing suit against Bonnie Kaye. I already paid the Miller Law Group in West Lawn PA for the whole thing, so I don't need any money from you or anyone.
2nos Cloves
Racked: 02-02-2009
But as the New York Times article states, these recommendations are controversial and there is fear among some patients and doctors that they will be applied too broadly. The newspaper quotes Dr. Eric Topol, chief academic officer of Scripps Health who says, These all sound reasonable, but dont forget that every person youre looking after is uniqueThis kind of one-size-fits-all approach can be a real detriment to good care.
I am not a huge fan of making farewell cards because in so many cases I don't want to say goodbye to the recipient. This is true in this case too. My wonderful hair stylist recently informed me that he was moving to California! My first reaction was to cry out loud with a very audible: "nooooooooo!". I support him 100% in his new venture and I know he is going to do very very well but that does not mean that I am super happy about this news. I even justified his desertion with the comforting thought that I might be able to rub shoulders with the rich and famous (well not literally but if he cuts George's hair and he once cut mine - then George and I have a serious connection!!!!).
Police in the southwest Ohio town of Franklin say a woman handed a note to a teller in a Huntington Bank branch Friday and made off with an undisclosed amount of money.
Our first shipment arrived last week and this corner of the shop has been remerchandised with some of the turquoise ceramics I picked out. Still loving turquoise.... but what about pink since it is the colour of the year? To tell the truth I hardly saw any pink in accessories... HOWEVER ...
We have an easy going routine that I lead and they follow of dinner, clean up time, brushing teeth and then a movie or books. They don't always fall asleep in the same place (couch or recliner or my bed or theirs) or in the same way (in front of a movie, after reading books I sing, or we all just lay down) or at the same time (I shoot for somewhere between 8 and 10 depending on whether or not D is home for me to spend time with him, how tired I am, how badly I want to be alone, whether or not L got a nap, how tired they are acting), but it works. Falling asleep is almost always a happy, relaxed time.
I wouldn't change it for anything.
Flattr is the closest thing to the realization of a thought many of us have had for years. That thought is, If I could budget to support all of the things I like online in one place like I do with my phone or cable or magazine subscriptions, I would do it in a heartbeat.
target shooting
and he puts on his dark glasses
I took about ten minutes and several false starts to convince myself I wasnt going to leap to my death.
Artsy? Check!
After I finished the book I carried the residue of it with me for the rest of the evening. I was disquieted, uneasy; I felt stirred up and slightly jumbly. I like a book that does that to me; a book that makes me think, knocks me for six, picks me up and gives me a good shake.
Lord, I come
With an age difference of 14 years, he having a girlfriend, and she having a kid, how on earth were they meant to be together ?
I was especially excited as I love all things Amy Butler and the fact that this is an organic yarn, so much the better. I had looked at the wonderful colours on-line, and liked the fact that it is an aran weight, so it would be perfect for big projects like a blanket. It's 50% cotton, 50% wool blend, and you get around 90m in a 50g ball.
Still, I cant bear to part with Viv. Fashionable or not, her beaten black leather exterior belies a host of juicy gossip; something which a clutch-come-brooch could neer come close. I shall therefore continue to carry her proudly around town. After all, one never knows when they may suddenly require the use of an iron.
He chuckles. Its not like Im trying to get security codes from you, Ive got contacts for that, he adds, I just want to know your name.
DOC: Right.
-worked some retail, hated the inconsistant hours so found a job through a friend with a Legal services office.
What book did you read?
Immigration Services include:
This book is soo cute! I love to draw and paint so I had to add this book to my order. I plan on sharing it with our art teacher! I am off to watch all my juicy reality T.V. shows! I am off tomorrow so I plan on relaxing in peace!
Andy Carroll has had a torrid time at Liverpool since his mega money transfer from Newcastle on the deadline day of last seasons January transfer window. Carroll has netted just six league goals this season in thirty-two appearances and reports last week suggested he could well be on his way out of Anfield on a season-long-loan. But I cant see that happen next season. Dalglish has a lot of faith in the striker and Carroll has repaid some of it with two important winning goals against Blackburn and Everton in his last 5 starts for the club and was impressive against Fulham last night. He is also on a high payroll at Liverpool and it would be very difficult to find him a club that will be willing to pay him that much for season.
22. Instruments Check (0:25)
The Roman Road ruin in the picture above was part of the eastern branch of the Via Maris through Galilee.
Hello and welcome to Day 5 of our October Rubber Die Release Showcase!
In a true democracy, the TV stations would give equal airtime to the opposition. This does not happen in Malaysia. In Indonesia, surprisingly, it does. Therefore, in spite of elections being held once every five years, Malaysia has a long way to go in achieving the status of a proper democracy.
 And when they meet the woman of their dreams, it may be a rocky road to happily-ever-after, but once they get there, its forever.
Made my way across the room, and thus from several cravat lengths, I caught her gaze. Twas a moment of momentous note. Her eyes offered both an invitation and a challenge, a welcome and yet a curt dismissal. Then, no sooner than I had shaken myself back to some form of composure, she swished her way into another room. From thence to the punch bowl, there fortified myself in preparation for my advance. Thence onwards to the next room wherein I noticed The Lady of the Fans being apparently bored by a well known popinjay and a laughable prick-me-dainty. Advanced towards her and met her gaze. Feeling it acceptable in so decadent an environment to dismiss the need for a formal introduction, introduced myself. Viz, by title, not alias. She looked at me, still challenging, and yet with a subtle hint of invitation.
SG TIP: Top off a place setting with an interesting little dish or bowl. You have seen these dishes many times over and over in other tablescapes, but what makes them look fresh is the pretty purple flower dish (Pier 1) that sits on the top. I am always on the lookout for seasonal or themed little dishes! Buy them on sale after the season!
Page 4: Anchor Steam Christmas Ale. $10.99 for a 6 pack.
fate and fortune eased in upon the wind, transcended sin,
Schumer: guns near schools dont affect
Nearly as dramatic are reforms in teacher tenure. To earn tenure, teachers will now have to rate in the top 10% (measured in part by student performance) for five of six consecutive years, and any teacher who falls into the bottom 10% loses tenure. No teacher in the bottom 10% can get a raise, while layoffs will no longer hit the junior-most teachers first while ignoring performance.
Im Palestinian, I say, looking them straight in the eye, watching first for the flicker of recognition, then for the fizzle of expectation and hope as the imagination that lives behind their eyes quickly kills off or severely maims images of a could-have-been friendship. Because now its just all too complicated. Now its about more than just the two of us.
REP. BARNEY FRANK denounced Mankiw, saying he had no concern about housing. How dare you oppose suicidal loans to people who cant repay them! The New York Times reported that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were under heavy assault by the Republicans, but these entities still had important political allies in the Democrats.
Oh My!! Where in the world did February go? That is CRAZY!!
1 c. White Wine
Thomas J. Fisher, 36, Union, N.J.
Its not their fault,
This is where the manager steps in. When hes allowed to make the decision, I think Arsne Wenger is the best around at knowing which players to bring forward, which to hold back, and which to cast the hell off.
I could have wept!!
Sun
While tracking Chandler on con into the coming darkness, Jonah notes that his prey is a 'wily cuss, doubling back on me' when suddenly a bullet hits the ground in front of his horse. Jonah jumps off the horse and fires up into the hills after the Chandler. Sometime later, Jonah finally comes upon Chandler laying next to a waterhole, laughing. It turns out that Jonah had accidentally pierced Chandler's canteen and in the darkness he didn't recognize one of the waterholes that he had poisoned earlier and has taken several drinks of the poisoned water.
Even Environment Minister Elizabeth Thompson had no problem disenfranchising a Bajan citizen because he had a different skin colour than the Bajan majority. (Article & video here)
I haven't researched the reasons for British Governments dragging their feet for so long in dealing with the air pollution in London. I would imagine, if the subsequent history of business resistance to the regulation of the tobacco industry is any guide, that the coal industry, prior to and during the general election of 1945, mounted a lobbyful of resistance to clean air legislation. The Labour Government elected in 1945 nationalised a number of industries, including the coal industry. With the setting up of the National Coal Board in 1946 the government itself became the key stakeholder in the coal industry but it was still ten years before clean air legislation was passed.
The programme will be all about the intriguing connection between food and crime. Maybe it's Jack the Ripper's favourite sandwich filling or the best grub to fill up on before a bank heist- who knows? You will have to tune in to find out!
KATHLEEN HANNA, riot grrrl pioneer, musician, feminist, activist, blogger. There is a fiercely intelligent woman behind the goofy dance moves and cute smile. Hear her with Bikini Kill or Julie Ruin, but PLEASE do listen to Kathleen with Johanna Fateman and JD Samson in Le Tigre. She is passionate, inspiring and awesome.
What To Drink:
Well this is one I wasn't expecting to do today. It was supposed to be a Mikkeller day off today as I was out and about in London so wouldn't have time for a review. Fate intervened. We paid a visit to Craft Beer Co this evening and this tasty little double IPA was on tap and I simply couldn't resist. Apologies for the bad photography but the camera on my phone isn't great.
I know what you see Any closer
I see what about the whole Best Buy thing?
Wait..croaked Gustave... you can take a seat on this mossy pillow...after I, as the true gentlemen that I am...covered it with my very clean handkerchief..so your lovely dress will not get wet..
For more information on how to handle this latest dilemma for patent practitioners, check out my audio visual presentation on "Structure, Function, and the Importance of Claim-Type Differentiation." See slide #7 for a summary, or, better yet, invite me to present this material to your organization in person.
Written by: Catherine Pulsifer
The ungodly, filled with guilty fears,
A fascinating mystery, beautifully crafted by this award-winning author.
1. Joe dressing before the ceremony. He pulled the slacks out of the dirty clothes basket!
for about 10 minutes.
Monday is Valentine's Day, and while I'm not one for celebrating Hallmark holidays, I think Valentine's Day can be an occasion to express affection for anyone close.
But its clearly not the primary explanation for who suffers and whose dreams are broken on the rack. The obvious primary explanation is that some peoples lives are destroyed and curtailed and kept in a cage by social rules, in order to maintain and gratify the power of others. The sick, that is, are not sick  they are injured, and injured by those who Nietzshe calls the strong, the successful and victorious.
Pretty riveting, I'm sure, but everyone continually thought I was simply calling the sites "Mel's Portraits" instead of "Mel S. Portraits" which just so happens to be my first name followed by last unfortunate initial. It didn't have a very good ring, so, we now have a fancy title with a great acronym to go along with it: CCMS.
We were supposed to reach the border just in time during its opening hours, with travel time of 6-8 hours, but we got to the border super ahead of time because our driver was such a speed racer and was able to breeze through the highways, motorways, and expressways of Thailand in just 3 hours! Because we were so early, we had to wait in Aranyaprathet police station around 4 am to 7 am just in time to cross the border in Poipet.
April 11 - Angela Scoular, actress ("On Her Majesty's Secret Service"), poisoned (apparent suicide), 65
Alexander Hamilton wrote Federalist Paper 63. This paper directly refers to the Electoral College. Our founding fathers feared that those who ran for office could dupe the American people into voting for them. These men wanted to insure that the most qualified person was elected president. The Electoral College acted as check to so that the American people couldnt be fooled.
I was at the theater last night following through with my bet. I bought the tickets, then stopped to get some popcorn and Diet Coke. While walking away I overheard/eavesdropped the man behind me saying:
Well it was clear on Friday that he is not the only Malinga of our time as he was joined by another (Id like to refer to the guy as someones dad) male who also knows the Malinga Balerina Dance very well. They did somewhat of a routine together, to a point where I even thought maybe the male is Malingas dancer (lol). Mr Malinga was actually joined by a couple of the crowd members on stage and they all danced along.
it would be years in the future before I would realize, would understand, that it had never been my job to "Fix" him.........
A pale face, featureless, floated in the doorway, in a hypnotic pattern of afterimages.
(Interesting, to see an old cover and a recent one!)
My fianc and I love riding our bikes along the canals and stopping for beer and (occasionally) a bit of bitterballen. Our only rule is that once we leave a bar we have to go into one of the next three bars we see. This way we get to walk into places we usually might not walk into, because of this we have discovered some really great bars/brown cafes that were keen to go back to! We usually hit up a different area each time we go but we tend to avoid areas such as Leidseplein and Rembrandtplein because we find that bars and restaurants here tend to be expensive (and the quality of food not too great). But having said that, people watching in Leidseplein and Rembrandtplein is great fun and sometimes having a beer in an outdoor courtyard there can be a lovely way to start a bicycle beer and bitterballen crawl.
Yes, this is the kind of sage-like medical advice my dad was doling out in the middle of the living room. As I sat and watched his face light up with every word flying out of Madisons mouth, it occurred to me that my dad likely has never had the chance to play like this, either. Oh, Im sure I made him pretend to be Star Scream (so I could be Optimus Prime, of course) at some point in my childhood, but thats straight-up masculine. He looked like he enjoyed being bossed around by the animal doctor. He asked questions and smiled whenever Madison would answer him with 4-year old logic.
I have the entire shower curtain memorized. Really I do. But I really haven't looked closely at it until recently.
Have you heard about the fabulousness that is Olioboard?? I just discovered it a few weeks ago, and I am a tad bit obsessed. If you haven't tried it out, you have to ASAP! You will become obsessed just like me, but I swear you will be thankful. On the site, you can make mood boards for home decor. I like to make a plan for a space before I begin decorating it, so this is a great way to visualize my ideas.
The reality is, as human beings, we lie. We lie to others, but we also lie to ourselves. It is a rare person, who, when faced with the crumbling of an intimate and valued relationship, can admit that they are emotionally unavailable. This is even harder to admit if the person desires to be part of a couple rather than walking the solitary road of post-divorce singledom. These people want so desperately to be involved with another human being that they ignore the healing process that should occur after a big breakup. Im afraid, back in the day, I may have been one of these types.
The British Association for Adoption & Fostering (BAAF)
Betsy!? Our resident math expert? If a rat is eating .15 mg of oleuropein per kilogram of body weight, the equivalent necessary for a 100 pound human being would be? A kilogram is roughly half a pound (1 lb = 0.453592 kilograms). So body weight is 45.3592 kilograms. 45.3592 x 0.15 mg = 6.75 mg. So 50 mg of oleuropein would be more than enough, wouldnt it?
D. and I took in a very exciting Junior World Hockey game with his work. Czech Republic won 5 to 2 against USA. Here they are singing their national anthem at the end of the game.
This administrative outrage, of course, is highly selective. Imagine the following counter-example. A couple of Duke professors pen a research paper noting (correctly) that opposition to marriage equality skews toward under-educated segments of the population. Dukes Christian student organization, whose members oppose marriage equality but who see an association with poorly educated people as personally offensive to their religious beliefs, pen a letter wailing that the implications and intentions of this research at the hands of our very own prestigious faculty, seemingly without a genuine concern for proactively furthering the well-being of the Christian community is hurtful and alienating. The Christian students demand a dialogue with the papers authors that addresses our concerns about researchs intent, methodology, analysis and conclusion, in addition to its validity.
Buying food from the grocery shopping list he texted me resulted in a cart filled with white sugar, white flour and red meat.
- All work that is to be hung on walls must be securely wired.
end tables
Hello... finally got a chance to make a card today that was just for fun and for a few challenges. I have been busy making things the last few days, but nothing that I can share... at least not yet.
well compare and make a choice, or I only can afford a premium of $900/year,
Michele Bachmann: Mr. President, what are we going to do about the gay issue? We have to keep to our campaign promises.
he came back a perfect infection unit.
Most writers have discovered there isnt a lack of talent in our field today, but sometimes there seems to be a lack of inspiration. Throughout the stresses of life, who among us cant use more nourishing soul food? This is a great day to be a writer and good news for those of us who love to write inspirational pieces. According to my research, there are hundreds of opportunities for devotional writers. A single piece doesnt pay much, but the savvy writer realizes the financial potential of inspirational writing tucked in with regular writing assignments.
05 - Gator Country 06:33
How would the prophet have responded to this?
It seems that in those days the Driskill was quite the home away from home for short-tempered soreheads. Once, Chief Justice Reuben Gaines of the State Supreme Court was hosting a formal dinner in the ballroom. A lady came in late, so Gaines politely rose from his seat. A waiter assumed Gaines had gotten up to carve the turkey, so he pulled the Judges chair out a little more to give him extra room.
Food and Beer Pairing of the Year
Hollywood presence: Levitz rose to fame playing the characters Tommy Flanagan the Pathological Liar and Mephistopheles on Saturday Night Live
Hefeweizen
Being at these things is inherently lonely. I'm not part of a team, which is the one ingredient very much missing from the sport for me this time around. The reason I enjoyed the sport in the first time around is that it had all the ingredients I needed: it was an individual sport but at the same time it had the team camaraderie of a team sport.
*A predator is an animal and in the animal kingdom only the strong survive, so a predator is looking to see if you have enough strength or confidence in yourself to look people in the eye. When a person doesnt make eye contact it is usually a sign that they lack confidence in themselves, are very shy or fearful in nature-which says to a predator-WEAK INDIVIDUAL*
And Another Thing is a brilliant title for a sequel and has the merit of being taken from Douglas Adams' own joke. I have always been a huge H2G2 fan, from the first time I tuned into it accidentally on the radio. But not a nerd, geek or obsessive I want to point out. Still I wasn't all that happy when I heard Eoin Colfer had been asked to write a sequel.
Came home and Skyped with the family. (Happy Mother's Day, Mama!) Eithen is changing, but still gives me lots of kisses on the webcam. Good to talk with everyone (except Caleb and Stephen who were spending the night at a friend's). Afterwards I did some crazy baking and made lemon bars for our team dinner with another batch to take to school. I also made more granola. Tired, but in a better mood by bedtime.
There's a lot of evidence showing that it's those of low socio economic status who bear a disproportionate burden when it comes to poor air quality, Mowat noted. So we know, for example, that people who self-report exposure to pollution, those who live within 200 metres of a major highway and those living near point source emissions are all much more likely to do poorly.
Finally, at 8pm, four hours after the alarm was raised we received the all clear. Standing to strech out cramped limbs, the children were gathered up first and helped down the steep slope. Men from the party positioned themselves at regular intervals to help people over the tree roots and rocky outcrops. The last thing anyone wanted was a broken ankle on the way down! I waited at the back to make sure that those less limber, or clad in non-rock climbing flip flops, made it safely to the bottom, where a teenage boy could be heard saying to his mum "I think a snake has just crawled up my leg..."
And great theatre does not stay in the theater. For most plays, the house lights come up and the crowd shuffles out and the cleaning crew preps for the evening show. Great theatre can stay with you days, weeks, and months after you see it, but for most of us, the impression fades, it is added onto the rest your life experiences, and everyone passes on to the next thing. Another group may be enraptured, or you can go back to rekindle the experience, or sometimes the work is photographed for a small shadow of its previous glory. But theatre, even great theatre, can fade over time. And that could have been the fate of The Agony and Ecstasy of Steve Jobs.
NYITs annual energy conference on June 13 will feature experts in emergency response, energy technologies to help disaster-stricken areas, and shelter models for developed and under-developed countries.
The piece, priced at 500, is a high definition video displaying one of the artist's famous diamond-encrusted skulls.
The viciousness of the official animus toward the indigent can be breathtaking. A few years ago, a group called Food Not Bombs started handing out free vegan food to hungry people in public parks around the nation. A number of cities, led by Las Vegas, passed ordinances forbidding the sharing of food with the indigent in public places, leading to the arrests of several middle-aged white vegans.
1st begets 2nd (10,000 becomes 20,000)
The lady who sits about 12 feet to my left, facing in my direction, has worked with me for about 11 years. I cant remember the last time we spoke to each other.
And I saw a great white throne, and him that sat on it, from whose face the earth and the heaven fled away; and there was found no place for them. And I saw the dead, small and great, stand before God; and the books were opened: and another book was opened, which is the book of life: and the dead were judged out of those things which were written in the books, according to their works. And the sea gave up the dead which were in it; and death and hell delivered up the dead which were in them: and they were judged every man according to their works. And death and hell were cast into the lake of fire. This is the second death. And whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast into the lake of fire.
Girl You Want
Sorry I haven't been blogging. Long story short, I am working really hard on losing the end of my baby weight (and working on approaching my long-term body health goals) and it just doesn't make for the most interesting food-related conversation. Basically every post would look like:
We were then treated to a long section of the dietitian holding up foods to demonstrate what a reasonable serving of carbohydrates were in different things from peas to rice to oranges. Luckily this wasn't suprising to me as I've measure my portions for years. I could tell it was new to the other moms in the class. I would guess they were going to have to change the way they ate more drastically than I was.
Are multiculti ads, then, an accurate barometer of our racial progress, a showcase of our hopes in that direction  or a reminder of how far we still have to go?''
Dragon Lady: Okay, pick your color.
For all 7 weeks, we are committing to eating only 7 types of food: fruits, vegetables, chicken, cheese, whole grain bread, yogurt/butter and eggs. This means I (Caleb) will be giving up coffee (gasp) but I refuse to let go of butter  Julia Childs would be proud.
*Barbara Bauer Literary Agency
And again Ezra:
me: Stop saying DUH.
Q: (Livio Oricchio  O Estado de Sao Paulo) Fernando, if Hamilton didnt keep behind Sebastian and Mark, your race would be different and in a normal race, if you had to use the hard tyres, how would your Ferrari react?
Wow, Im feeling a little better already. I think Ill pull over to the side of the road, and take a minute to look up, glance at the heavens above, and gain strength from my belief in a higher power watching over me. Wait a minute.. Is that what I think it is on that huge billboard on the side of that hill? Oh crap! We have less time than I thought.
In developing my signature, I thought about many other methods of presentation, but settled on this as the best means to make my pointlong after the signing is over.
I recommend combining a trip to the Patan Museum - which rightfully has a reputation as one of South Asia's finest museums - with a visit to the House of Wo. Also on the same block of Patan Durbar Square, the Sundhara Hiti (sometimes called the Royal Bath) made famous by a scene in Bertolucci's Little Buddha - has just recently been reopened.
NOTHING is sacred.
You can visit the President Calvin Coolidge State Historic Site in Plymouth, VT (his birthplace). Here, Coolidge was sworn in as President of the United States by his father.
The point is this: Your voice is your livelihood so figure out what works BEFORE youre in a booth dealing with a producer on the job!
Yea Work! Yea decent Income! Yea back to normal! Nay I don't want to be home alone without him! Nay, I don't want to be here all summer without him! Nay, I don't want to deal with the crisis without him here! Nay, I don't want to do this anymore! Yea, I feel sorry for myself!
The course goes up a long incline from that corner and even though I've run it plenty of times before, I'd never run it after running 6+ miles. It was rough. I distracted myself by eating my Shot Bloks and I was thankful for the water station at the top where I slowed down to drink some water. I'd been worried that the water stations would be too far apart but they were perfectly spaced.
"No, that's not what I'm talking about. I'm so sad because you always fix everything for me and make everything okay and I want to do something really, really super for Mother's Day and I don't know what to do."
The original
My husband and I were reflecting on this past year. We moved to another state, again. We started over in a place we knew nothing about. We get by on less than we ever had. We have given up things we thought we needed. And we have never been happier. Our laughs bellow from deep within, the kind of happiness that pours over. We talk about our hopes and our dreams, and how what we thought was unattainable is in fact a reality. We listen more, wait patiently (most of the time), and have seen our faith grow tenfold.
And smile as I have saw her fore she putt her mournin on.
I really should go I need to get back to my apartment and gather up my things he heads towards the door, but then suddenly turns around and looks at her.
Odor, wind and water resistant
In no time at all it was time to get ready for Christmas. I was done with the cleaning out of the second floor and some of the Attic. I wanted to dress the house for the holidays before it got much colder. My brother and his family were coming for Christmas because I was going to their house for Thanksgiving day. This early November Wednesday, I had climbed the ladder to the attic and I was looking for the outdoor decorations. The wooden Santa and Sled for the porch roof had been found in the potters shed out back, and I found someone at work to hire to give them a new coat of paint. But, I was looking for the candy canes and fake candy garland that granddad used to have on the porch rail and steps. And if I didnt get it set out soon the weather would turn too cold and I only had so many Autumn days left to get the job done in.
Patti
And then I decided that this painting relied too much on the narrative. The story there, like a scene from a novel. Nothing wrong with that, except I didn't want a narrative-driven painting. So I took out the car and the figures, the main players of the story.
Published by Metro Books
In this article we investigate controlling the NXP (formerly Philips) SAA1064 4-digit LED display driver IC with Arduino and the I2C bus interface. If you are not familiar with using the I2C bus, please read my tutorials (parts one and two) before moving on. Although the SAA1064 is not the newest on the market, it is still popular, quite inexpensive and easy to source. Furthermore as it is controlled over the I2C bus  you dont waste any digital I/O pins on your Arduino, and you can also operate up to four SAA1064s at once (allowing 16 digits!). Finally, it has a constant-current output  keeping all the segments of your LED display at a constant brightness (which is also adjustable). So lets get started
* "The Purloined Letter" by Edgar A. Poe
1.Self honoring. I know that my partner walks a spiritual path, connected to Spirit and his intuition to become his greatest self. He does this and takes risks to bring more light to the world.
As of right now, this very minute I feel amazing, I am finally pouring out my thoughts that have been hided in my head. I feel so good. I am not creating this blog for others. My blog will be randomness but it will be my honest, pure, and real self no one close to me gets so see. I have lived my life the way I thought would please others for the past 22 years. This month will begin how I live and find my own way.
Catherine E. Chirls, 47, Princeton, N.J.
Heres the offer:
Did I do all the morning pages? Yes. And I forget I've done them. I'm amazed I find the time to do them. I also wish I could write more, I rattle on for agggeeess. I've just started my second notebook and i've been wondering what to do with the book after as i dont like clutter so i've decided that after the 12 week course is over im going to switch to computer morning pages. It should encourage me to blog more too if i start setting aside time every day to sit at the computer. At the moment its just strewn in the corner covered in paints and paper or whatever im experimenting with and is very much neglected.
I saw a video at You Tube saying that the entire Bible is to reveal who Israel is.
The project initiated staff development activities adopting a tell me and I will forget, show me and I may remember, involve me and I will understand principle. Over a three-week conditional-release (conditional access to each stage, based on completion of the previous stage, but also with a view to creating a shared experience among the participants, conducive to starting conversations) course, academics were given the opportunity to learn online in the form of an experiential collaborative course carrying out activities from both student and academic perspective. An example is submitting work via Turnitin and encountering an Originality Report, followed by setting up a Turnitin assignment and marking a piece of work. This helps to address tentativeness related to this high stakes activity.
Thats why journals, diaries, and blogs bear whatever damage weve had the day we wrote something in them. Even our friends are not safe from the noises in our heads. Arent one of the main reasons why we call them up or invite them for a drink is because is because we need someone to listen to us? Admit it. And yeah, Im sure some of your friends have done that to you too.
Most of the agents are dedicated and brave, he said. Theyll take a bullet for the president.
I asked "Out of everything you have written, what was your favorite?"
Surprisingly, to me at least, this is Abbott's first novel. It was surprising because Abbott writes with a maturity and a knowledge and a voice that is so wise beyond his seeming lack of experience. He writes with the voice of a man that has written many novels previously and who will continue to write for many years to come. I also really enjoyed how we were given insight into Henry's life, personality, his flaws and his destruction -- we are given the best pieces of insight and wisdom through other people that interact with Henry. It did take me a while to adjust to the constant jumps in time and between characters. However, once I did, the novel moved smoothly and seamlessly and I was very happy to be able to get to read this novel.
Dear Mr. Feuer,
This is just an administrative announcement from The Radical Idea.
The morning is the best part of the day, everything is just coming into focus, birds are usually singing, and its just the best way to pace your day. Tired in the morning, I understand most people are. Not a morning person, okay, thats fine, but you have to work on that, harsh, I know but being a morning person is pretty important.
I work with students who are classified with other health impairments. These are students who perhaps come to me with severe emotional issues or health issues that have impaired their learning ability to such an extent that the general education environment is inappropriate. These are students with seizures whove regressed so poorly that a pull-out setting is required. These are students with severe audio, visual, and spatial sensitivities for whom structure is required and anything out of those norms could prove disastrous.
Zero also is fascinating, the ultimate conflicted individual, hating vampires passionately, yet unable to preclude his own vampire nature from manifesting. Yuki's devotion keeps him from being torn apart by these conflicting drives (at the cost of her own blood), while both the vampires and the vampires hunters use him mercilessly to suit themselves. Yet, being used, he has considerable will and ends up using those that use him to serve his own purposes. His love for Yuki is touching and tragic. I suspect one reason why this manga continued past the "end" was a sizeable faction of fans who want to see Zero get the girl (as my daughter does).
Why dont you just ask women to bury themselves when they hit twenty six? Or take up wearing the burkha? And you know who the worst perpetrators of this kind of advice are? Other women. Dont see the men complaining. Nobody tells men to put their crepey arms and legs away at any age.
once I'd tasted a cinnamon dawn
Please send us your ideas / films by April 30th 2012 (or get in touch if you have something in mind that might take a bit longer).
Though I was happy sleeping
alleged conspiracy, forgery and
"Hello blondage."
Haemonculus (Venom blade)
I suppose they will be changing the name of the farm to:
One teacher that I spoke to and asked about his thoughts on the vote of no confidence responded saying, I ask myself a simple question: has my job gotten easier or harder while he has been the superintendent and have kids benefited or been harmed as a result of his policies and leadership? Given that, according to this teacher, the answer to the former question was no and the latter was that students have been harmed, his choice in the upcoming vote became clear.
spouse - appreciating
I saw my friend Mike Enis one last time after moving from The Heights to The Knolls. I guess we had a play date or something, as his mom brought him over and dropped him off for a few hours. I suppose we were around 10 years old or so.
- the smiths - meat is murder - rough trade records - 1985 (lp reissue)
Im taking a break from posting blushes today, just in case you guys are getting bored =P Believe it or not, Im actually not done posting up my entire US haul, which actually happened in Jan/Feb.. lol.. Procrastination should be my middle name.
I understand that this is a delicate issue for Airbnb, after all who is telling the truth? But if Airbnb want to succeed they need to understand that their stakeholder is the customer and not the host. By all means don't banish the host from doing business after one negative experience, but what is the purpose of a trust based service when you can't leave a negative review?
P.S. No, I still don't have a title to share with you guys. In my mind it is still Detergent.
1/4 c. powdered dry milk
And I guess he especially didnt find it funny when Mailman Mike suggested that he could play the baby Jesus in the nativity scene on one persons lawn and I yelled Do it! Get out! Take off your clothes!. Captain Carl was all Knock it off, Marcy and I was all What? Were having fun. and he was all Just STOP.
somewhat causal relationship to the next. (1) Fossil fuels, (2) metals, and (3)
All in all, thanks for supporting HKs financial centre status goes to Beijing, and it was sorely needed now when HK looks like its heading for a recession and the rest of the world is freaking out.
(click on any of the pictures to see them larger)
May 5 Galleria 814 (814 St. Clair W.) 9 p.m.
Saw this posting and am checking as I did not recall meeting Ms Sapiah last Monday at my MPS personally giving such an insensitive advice. We always endeavour to do our best to assist our residents  Patrick Tay, MP for Nee Soon East.
At root, I'm *afraid* when I have something to lose, right? The faculty and staff (and fellow students) at Jesuit could, at worst, kill me. Fuck 'em. They were welcome to try that but I knew they didn't have the WILL to go that far. For anything less than that, I cite Eleanor Roosevelt: No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. I did not give those fuckers my consent and they knew it. It was a five-year Mexican standoff. (School was 8th-12th grades.) Severally and individually, they expended a great deal of energy trying to demean and break me. I'm still standing, you fucks! Eat me!
I took a look at my current craft supplies to see if anything inspired me and with my Mod Podge, Acrylic spray and a small bottle of glitter I knew exactly what I could use these shoes for. A shoe makeover! So I went out the next day and purchased the biggest container of chunky gold glitter I could find. I'll give you a step-by-step process of how I did this DIY.
In the meantime, I refer you to my YouTube channel, tarotworldtour, which is primarily spirituality, economics, and social commentary themed, as you will find here.
Maybe he's dreaming about his new bike...?
Yes hes still running. The only question is how many delegates will he have and will they be of any use on the, whats becoming more and more likely on a first ballot of what will be a brokered Convention.
1tsp Rice flour
A closer view of the packettes.
i might forget.
I think that the dishwasher is a magnet for most children. Well it is no different for our little man. Any time the dishwasher door is down, he is right there. He really thinks it is funny to climb on it.
I've had this image from S2G for a long time, wanting to use it on something for my hubby, but hadn't gotten around to it. Our challenge this week gave me the perfect opportunity to make a Father's Day card for my DD and grandbabies to give to hubby. Father's Day here in Australia is the first Sunday in September...I'm being SOOOO organised lately lol...wonder how long it's going to last??!!
You have stooped to a new level of low.
#2 1980 Sergio Oaxaca EP Bel Air 1500 Meters 3:51.25
The instructor told us a story about a professional beadmaker who made a distinctive bead. This beadmaker taught classes on how to make this bead to students.
And, hey, potential jurors, if you could not assume that anytime the defense goes after a state's expert it's just smarmy lawyer tricks, that'd be great, too.
Thirdly, my strawberry-rhubarb crisp was not as fantastic as I imagined it would be. I haven't had anything with rhubarb in it for many years so I thought I would give it a try. The overall product came out alright, but just didn't have either one of us coming back for more. I will include that recipe here for anyone that might be a fan and also the recipe for Lentil soup which did come out as tasty as it always does!
Link to from other applicable sections such as employment non-discrimination/ equal employment opportunity policy, dress code, restroom, locker room (if related resources are already provided)
*have a very serious look towards people you don't know or haven't warmed up to yet...I like to call it "The Bierhalter look" because your momma had it too!
I was also interested to see that in the year to March 2010, the company booked GBP 14m of impairments, but the previous year booked nil. Given that the Northern Ireland market residential peaked in 2007 and is now down 44% from peak, I might have expected earlier provisioning. There is, additionally, GBP 25m booked for revaluations in 2010 compared to GBP 18m in 2009.
Drop spoonfuls of dough onto baking sheet. (I used my Pampered Chef scoop and it worked perfectly for this consistency of dough.)
Puget Sound Energy Issues 5.764% Senior Notes Due 2040 For $250 Million 15
Ad Age: Some are saying in fact, Bioware and EA meant for the ending to be incomplete. So that they could sell DLC. Do you think thats true?
And a she-wolf, that with all hungerings
Attending Sarah Lawrence College was the greatest experience (but not quite of my life, I have had a very exciting life). I really feel that I have honed my analytical skills in a way that I never understood before. I always wondered what was so great about these super liberal arts schools, and now I understand. There is a very high level of demand from this institution that I have not experienced in other places.
No progress:
Gong Li (To Live)
So after hefting the kayaks out of storage, squeezing into life jackets designed for elementary school kids and a quick crash course in paddling we hit the lake.
50 vanilla wafers
1) Read chapter in "Be Satisfied"
The use of the .50bmg round in accurate bolt action and semi-automatic rifles however is fairly common these days. It has a fairly long history dating back at least to the 1950's (I'm sure people built .50 caliber bolt action rifles before then, but I can't find any references to it), and could now be considered on the edge of mainstream.
2) Remove from the heat and place on the mixer. Whisk on medium speed, add in cream of Tartar and whisk until meringue is stiff, and the mixing bowl is cool to the touch. The meringue should look shiny and sticky.
Done. I will pick you up from there. Ummm, but can I request you something?
Lot's of inquiring minds were curious today as to why, even though my son dropped into my pelvis 4 weeks ago, I haven't shown any improvement on the dilation/effacement front.
But because I speak the truth, you do not believe me.
1 logbook
9. Just Wanna Make Love To You (Dixon) 4:05
Cyric C: Nerd girl, I am a Geek in a relationship with a nonintellectual type. We have a number of things in common because I also enjoy a wide range of more physically oriented pursuits, but lately its just been a real drag because as I learn and discover new things that I am in awe of, she couldnt care less. Should I leave or is there perhaps an alternative route to go?
Well, were a week down and Im still going strong! Day 8 is sun. Today was a strange day in which it was stifling hot and then went into intense monsoon weather. This photo was taken from my car window as I got back to work, driving over flooded roads. Not fun.
2010.08.18 Iraq Diyala 3 0 Three brothers are brutally murdered on their own farm by Mujahideen.
I got complacent, I was informed,
I miss Lester. A lot.
Then I will be rigid and cold
Since a year has passed, I'm thinking about changing the look of my blog a bit. I would love to hear any feedback (negative or positive) about what you think would look good. Same goes for my posts - what were your favorites or least favorites from the last year or what other types of things would you like to see me write about? Other than that, I feel like it's been a pretty successful year, and I plan to make the next one even better! :)
I- I broke off mid-sentence  opening my mouth to speak had caused the pain in the right side of my face to come to bear, full force. I deserved that.
WOOOOOO! SHINY YANK GOALIE!!! I'll bet I get more trade offers for this than my Strasburg Chrome. WELL YA CAIN'T HAVE IT. This goes directly into the kickass binder. Tim plays for Everton which is now on the short list of Premier League teams I will consider rooting for.
A neighbour, Michael Plimmer, who has lived in Derby Road for 21 years, spoke at a previous council meeting, arguing that the site was on an exposed plot of land, and said he believed that if it got any bigger it could cause a bad first impression for anyone driving into the village.
Any type of pasta you prefer
Wow, I can't believe it's almost April! Where did March go? This year is moving way to fast, yikes!! Today, I have a quick card that I made using the Kate's ABC's cartridge. My card base is 4 1/4 x 5 1/2 and base layer at 4 x 5 1/4. I cut another mat 3 1/4 x 4 1/4 which I distressed using Tim Holtz-Victorian velvet distressed ink and pop dotted this cute vase with flowers cut from Kate's ABC's cartridge. I cut it at 4 1/4 plus the layers, again distressing the pieces. I added a cute little Peachy Keen face from the Dolly Dumplins set.
Pretty good punch to it, about like an imperial pale should be, although it has a pretty harsh bitter aftertaste. I don't know, seems kind of meh overall, although that may be because it's a pretty bland style to take imperial. It should be closer to an IPA, but it just, isn't.
Well need, then, a PR miracle that will absolutely reverse the publics feelings about the squad  and there is hope. A good result in these World Cup finals or (do we dare dream?) a win, would surely right the recent wrongs and leave the nation pleasantly abashed for not having more faith in its national team.
Well at least you can see a bit of lacing. Anyway, maybe it was just that I was tipsy-bordering-on-drunk, but this was the most drinkable beer I've ever had. Not only smooth but tasty. It was very enjoyable. It's not the most sophisticated beer by any means, but the perfect beer for mass consumption to get drunk. I will miss you, Zieg!
He said to them, Havent you read what David did when he and those who were with him were hungry how he entered the house of God, and they ate the sacred bread, which is not lawful for him or for those with him to eat, but only for the priests? Or havent you read in the Law that on Sabbath days the priests in the temple violate the Sabbath and are innocent? But I tell you that something greater than the temple is here! If you had known what this means: I desire mercy and not sacrifice, you would not have condemned the innocent. For the Son of Man is Lord of the Sabbath. (1)
Poking around in the Sculpture Garden pictures, I found one of Benjie whose question at the time would be "What is this?"
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a 9x13 inch casserole dish with cooking spray.
I wish I knew her story!!!!
Those were my exact words nearly six years ago when my dad arrived early on a Sunday morning to help renovate my basement. And he really did look like shit. His face was white as a ghost. Im fine, my dad replied, just mustve eaten something funny last night.
If you really want to cut down on the price tag, bring your own container from home for the florist to fill. You can bring in a vase, an urn, or a basket. If a florist supplies the container, it can add around $5 or more. By bringing your own, you are paying purely for the flowers and the florist's services. Usually a bouquet for $20-$25 will be on the small side, but if you supply the vase you can take home something pretty sizable. Plus, it provides you with an opportunity to be creative: does your lady have an old heirloom she holds dear, like a mug or teacup? These small containers can cost very little to fill but have just as much meaning as something large due to the sentimental factor.
I feel like writing. So its 01:17am and here i am wanting to talk nonsense. So what is going on with me? Well im attempting to become a faithful blogger, because i can never remember to update stuff on here. Anyhow
MightyNest was co-founded by Kristen Conn who wanted to make homes healthier for our families. As a mom, she realized that every decision we make impacts our children and others, and that many of the products she was using were in fact filled with toxic chemicals. After years of research, MightyNest was born to empower and encourage people to make small changes to better the lives of themselves and their families. Every product available at MightyNest has been fully researched so you can rest assured that you are buying safe, healthy products for your home. As a busy mom, I can't spend all day researching everything I want to in order to provide the healthiest possible home for my family. However, with MightyNest products have been narrowed down to only those that are in line with my own natural, safer preferences so I'm so excited that I found MightyNest! All of the products they sell are free from known toxic ingredients such as BPA, PVC, Phthalates, Lead, Melamine, Formaldehyde, Flame retardants, Parabens and lots more. None of those belong in any products on the market today!
I met with the gal from Expo
If the sun is shining where you are, - enjoy!. If it's damp and cold, then I just hope that these freebies will bring a bit of sunshine into your life.
Parents of young children tend to take really stupid things very seriously. Its easy to get sucked into activities that are so completely unnecessary and time consuming, offering little or no reward. We do them imagining our children will miss out on an INCREDIBLE EXPERIENCE if we dont make it happen.
Somehow the last half of that episode got good.
What I Learned: I have a funny little postscript to this experience. So after I finished The Disciple Program, raced to my phone, called Tyler, and asked him where the hell he came from, we had a couple of laughs and then he casually mentioned that hed sent me a script 8 months ago for notes. What?? I said. Youve sent me a script before?? Theres no way I wouldve forgotten a script by this writer. So after the call, I went back through my notes and indeed, found an old script that I covered for him. I quickly remembered it. It was a script with all sorts of talent. But the story itself was all over the place and muddled. And I remember giving him that note. That he needs to focus his story more because the talent is clearly there. And just 8 months later, he came up with this. And I think that should serve as a motivator to every writer out there. Youre going to learn with each script. Youre going to get better with each script. You just have to keep writing. So stay inspired. Your own breakout moment could be a script away. :)
The canal near to our house, long disused*, has been the subject of much debate in recent years, with applications for grants and subsidies being made in order to get it up and running again.
Location: Critter Country, by Splash Mountain
What. A. Crock.Of. Shit.
Imagine an IPL consisting of some Pakistani players supported by Indian audiences. It would be an eye opener for politicians, who think India and Pakistan cannot gel with one another. They can play an important role in bringing peace to both the countries. Look at the only Pakistan born player plying his trade in IPL, Azhar Mahmood perform. He has been a great asset for Kings XI Punjab. He was very lucky to play in the IPL, as he has a British passport with him. Pakistan players must be envying him, when he whacks the ball for a six in the IPL. A few more Pakistan players could have brought fire in the competition.
Her hair fluttered in the longshore breeze. Shells jabbed at the soles of her feet. Her eyes followed the strand curving in the distance.
- Cross Street Market - Located in the historic Federal Hill neighborhood, this little market has a handful of stalls and a fun atmosphere on the Charles Street end, with huge cheap beers and raw oysters served to a fun crowd every day from lunchtime through happy hour.
Got one turkey soaking in brine for the smoker tonight and the other is still thawing (SLOWLY) in the fridge for the oven in the morning. It may get a bath in brine overnight. I don't know. Robb's the turkey man. I still need to make a cheesecake and rolls... Will it get done? I'm almost to the point of 'eh'.
Bad Romance: Glenn's favorite track on Habits is "Our War," a heartbreaking plea to a girl he dated for two years. He even prepared for marriage by asking his aunt for a family heirloom ring. The song traces the day things started to fall apart, when the couple were supposed to take a trip to Salt Lake City. "I was at a bus stop waiting in the rain all day," he says. "I walked all day in the rain. Looking back on it, it felt cinematic. But since then it's bottled up and made me not trust. Maybe the whole next Neon Trees album will be more angry."
I remember the first time I ate an artichoke. I was about 8-years-old and was at a friend, whose mother had cooked them whole. They taught me how to pull off the leaves, dip the ends in sauce and eat their meaty tips. At the time, this was the most exotic food Id ever eaten, and my memories of that first artichoke are burned into my mind.
Thanks for stopping by Blue Sky Confections!
Givin' me sincere looks, saying "you can trust in me".
After the gym we took treats to the preschool I used to work at. Ryann was Kenzie's big helper, and rocked some activities like a pro. I think she would definitely thrive in a Montessori environment, she loves that stuff. After nap we busted out the water colors. And while Chris was at a bachelor party Ryann and I had ourselves a girls night.
6. Letter To Evan
If you live in Sydney (or even if you don't?) you can help in 5 different ways:
"I heard you pulling up. It's nice to see you guys. Just come on in. The door's around the side." he said.
shadows passing time in the cemetery
If. That was a dangerous word. Tori stopped herself. She could not afford to let herself indulge in alternate scenarios, however innocent they might be. There was to be no confusion about her next move.
a. Isabeau-Dakota Corporation is exempt 31
As he came to the end of the talk, Tony opened up an A4, hard-bound, ruled notebook. From margin to margin, every single page was covered with cramped handwriting. Taking a cue from screenwriting, Tony has adapted film-makings Step Outline (a detailed telling of a story, outlining every scene and beat of a story with indications for dialogue and character interactions) to his planning process, scribbling up to 20 pages in his notebook before he is ready to write a single line of story.
Why can't I be as emotionally strong as her?
This suggests to me that there are real benefits in any decision making when we can find ways to keep it about the decision. Thats what a secret ballot is all about. Ive been harping on the idea that people dont want the best decision, they want their decision to be best. Well, this is one way to remove the their part of the equation so that the group can focus on the best decision.
He wants to get the government involvement out of the economy but believes the government should tell people what to do. The idea is that the state doesnt have rights to limit individuals wants and passions. I disagree with that. I think we absolutely have rights because there are consequences to letting people live out whatever wants or passions they desire.
Now for some swatches:
Silver was the metal of choice for Renaissance Italians. They gave their loved ones highly ornate silver betrothal rings engraved and filled with black enamel. When gold became the metal of choice in Europe, the silver ring was still given at the betrothal. Later, an identical gold ring was given during the marriage ceremony. This may be where the concept of dual rings originated.
Recently, shes been seen on hands and knees, rocking back and forth. Or moving from a sitting to crawling pose. But I think that what she really wants to do is walk.
Okay, I suck.
Don't wanna fight, it would be in vain
Workers ' management sounds attractive, but that management would face the same problems as the Beaverbrook management. Is that true? It would not face baying shareholders demanding shareholder value. Its workers might well decide to forego their share of dividends, in order to hold on to their jobs, for instance. Workers might also decide not to plough back all of their profits into an expansion of Capital, aware that Capitalism is a system prone to cycles. They might decide to act like Pharaoh in the Bible, and lay aside funds for the lean years. A private Capitalist has no such incentive, because they are unconcerned about laying off workers in the lean years, other than to the extent that re-employing and retraining them would increase the costs.
Whenever I see these #draping photos I tend to think about a now classic study of dominance and submissive postural stances conducted by Larisa Tiedens of Stanford University. In the research, Tiedens and Fragle (2003) sought to determine whether people take on dominant or submissive postural stances, when reacting to the dominant or submissive posture of others. Would people pose dominantly when faced with other dominant postures, thereby escalating a competition for status within an interaction? Or alternatively, would people take on submissive postures when faced with dominance, to diffuse possible tension in the interaction?
I see. What seems to be the problem?
her hands and said, Im ugly!
According to the opinion by Circuit Judge Gajarsa,
Danny Friedmann
Now, lets distill Colossians and Hebrews and add it to Paul:
I love that the Butterick pattern comes with the opera-coat pattern, as well.
Nana
out his tool shed
This LP was a thrift shop find, in excellent condition. The original recording, however, is just okay. "Deal" and "I Like Beer" appear on various Tom T. Hall greatest hits CDs, but the rest of this album is not on CD.
"I really feel so tired of fighting the world all alone and with no money," she once wrote to her mother.
First, my info. I worked in the street of one of America's most violent, dangerous cities for 15 years. I usually worked in the worst part of that city. I spent 15 years in patrol. I liked patrol. It was wild. Most of the time I worked in areas covered in ghetto. By that I mean large housing projects combined with run down slum housing. I have worked all shifts. Later I became an investigator including a robbery investigator. I have spent countless hours in interrogation rooms talking to hold up men. I know them. I am still an investigator but have quit playing the Robbery game because my family was starting to forget what I looked like.
Anyone can develop some muscle and endurance without heavy weights, by using your body weight. Open Door Push-outs are a safe and easy way to train your back shoulder muscles for archery.
For authors: Did you break rules?
PS  The Star Elders really do love drama, and so does Archangel Michael; but they never go in to sympathetic resonance with the drama. For them it is just like watching a really good movie. They dont judge anything and just accept the process. If we can approach this year as they do, it will make our lives a lot easier.
Jazzhuset
March came in pretty much like a lamb, with temperatures in the high 30s, sun and melting this afternoon. I have to qualify it though, because February was the real lamb. Almost all month, we had bare ground and mild temperatures into the 40s and 50s. Then, late in the month, we had three "snow events" (I can't call them snow storms - those were reserved for other areas of the state.)
A room is a room, right? But I have to write about this one. Maun would call it the strangest experience of our whole trip. The owner responded to our knock and told us that he indeed had a room. He showed us to another building with an incredibly steep set of stairs. We climbed up and found a shabby room where the bathroom light didnt work. I told Maun to keep the man busy for a minute while I found another light globe to try. No problem keeping him occupied, he was enjoying using his perfect English and had already told us that he knew English so well because he was a doctor. The other globe didnt work either so we told him we didnt want the room and blamed it on the steep stairs that wouldnt work for Maun and her ailing hip. I dont know where we thought we were going to go. No matter, he said, he had another solution and then led us, accompanied all the while by one of the biggest dogs I have ever seen, through a construction sight to a row of little cottages that were obviously new but unfinished. He said they were going to be honeymoon cottages. If we didnt mind the unfinished state of things and the construction debris, we could have one of the cottages for the same price as the room. Part of the construction was a big hole that he explained was going to be a swimming pool. We would have to be careful, he said. The cottages were something else. They looked like they came out of a fairy tale. But they were new and actually quite fancy. They all gave on a large central room that would soon be a kitchen and lounge, he said. And there was a large bathroom with brand new fixtures. But no hot water because neither he nor we could figure out the fancy new water heater. Madame would fix it, he said. We had come to doubt the existence of madame but we decided it was okay and told him we would take the room. Madame did appear later and turned on the water without saying a word. He talked for both of them though, and when we were finally putting our things in the room we didnt think he would ever leave, he again appeared glad to have the chance to speak English. When we asked him about securing the bikes he simply pointed to the dog. I think he was right, it really was a big dog. Maun called him Bonzo and he was friendly to us. Seeing his wife had somehow put us at ease so we cleaned up and went to look for something to eat.
here in Britain, we have a number of competing budget airlines who offer what look like unfeasibly cheap deals. There's usually a catch.... Like I can get to Barcelona for twenty pounds. But how much is the ticket back?
"No problem," chimed the Rabbi. "My people wandered in the desert for forty years. I am humble enough to sleep in the barn for one evening." With that he departed to the barn, and the others bedded down for the night.
A free shake canister which is our meal replacement shake. It has 22 shakes in it, and is a 36.00 value!
The temperature is 78 degrees! In just a day the snow has retreated from vast portions of the garden. There are day lily sprouts along the foundation of the house. Red buds of rhubarb are poking out of the ground, pushing its way past last years detritus. John Denver is singing in his lovely tenor,"Sunshine on My Shoulders."
John Green is amazing. But dont listen to The Fault in Our Stars while your driving. Youll cry so hard that youll get into an accident.
On to the meme:
So, there you go... a fun mini album about three of my favorite little kids... and their fun little relationship. Thanks for stopping by and I hope you will pull up your comfy chair and stay awhile! I would love to have you as one of my "followers"... the link is over there on the right if you would like to keep up with my designs and creative fun!
From Goodreads: This time, Riley might really have bitten off more than shes ready for. After practically begging the Council for a more challenging Soul Catch, she is assigned an actual Roman gladiatorTheocoles, the Pillar of Doom. How is Riley, a skinny twelve-year-old, supposed to get through to him? Then she meets the beautiful Messalina, who convinces her that her only chance is to become part of this world. To accomplish this, Messalina helps Riley through a dramatic, mystical makeover, transforming her into the beautiful and mature teen shes always wanted to be. Finally, Riley can experience her first boyfriend and her first kiss. With a dream this enchanting, will she ever want to leave?
FB has heard what what can happen to have-a-go heroes. He knew better than to go out on a limb and be the only one to intervene. He recognised that, without the support of the others, he was powerless.
Russian River Brewing Company Temptation
Its not me. I know that for sure. It cant be me.
Tommie Sanders, the artist and creator behind has this to say about her creations: "I would describe my jewelry as fun, colorful, affordable, and most importantly Art. The pieces I make are made to be a fashion accessory, but fashion is Art. Everything I make is a part of me, and what is most important to me is that the jewelry I make is unique, and one of a kind. I would like my customers to know that by purchasing a piece of jewelry from me, they are purchasing a one of a kind piece that no one else will ever be able to buy. They will always be the only one with that exact pair of earrings, or necklace, bracelet ...etc. Beads may be similar, but they are never exactly alike, especially those that are handmade or pulled from the earth. I love using my handmade polymer clay beads, and stone beads for that very reason."
U.S. officials
Favorite color: Red
So the day before Sigma was shipped out to boot camp, we had some business to attend to. That business being his going-away party/Baby shower for his wife and himself. That of course meant that we had to go and pick up gifts and such for the party. It was pretty important that we mad a good impression for this. Mainly because most of our crew are now pretty much considered honorary aunts and uncles. We swore to Sigma that we would help take care of Sita and little Cincinnati in anyway possible while he was gone, in fact I'm probably going to be in the delivery room with her on the big day. My hand will be crushed but sacrifices must be made. Besides, he'll know when shes in labor when he feels the force choke upon him when he's a thousand leagues under the sea.
At an event, be it an author, publisher, or blogger organised event, a blogger meets an author (not the author who's event it is) who's debut will be released in a fair few months time. Blogger and yet-to-be-published author, along with others that are at the event, chat books and everything to do with them. They may chat a little bit online after the event, on Twitter via reviewer & author blogs. As in Situation A, they know each other, they have conversations, and they get on, but aren't the bestest of buddies. When the book is close to being published, the blogger is sent a review copy.
Lets not forget the Alberta Progressive Conservatives are supposed to be  well conservative. In theory, they are a right wing party. Much of their base was certainly conservative leaning. But in recent years, many conservatives, disillusioned with the PC partys drift to the left, defected to Wildrose.
South Geysers has failed
Corporal OReilly, you have permission to advance and clear the vehicle.
The Rebel Angel series is fantasy at its best and will be enjoyed by teens, young adults and adults alike  it is a true crossover novel. I am told, there are still two more books to come. If youve not read Bloodstone, hurry up and get it, but be sure youve first read Firebrand. I cant wait to read the next book in this remarkable series so I find out what happens if the Sithe world collides head-on with the full mortal world.
I've been wanting to read this one for a while, ever since I first saw the cover. (Yes, I confess: book covers go a long way in catching my attention). This is a great summer read, and would be a wonderful choice for crashing on the beach or in the backyard. I read it during February, a very cold part of February, however - and it was like escaping winter for a mini summer vacation.
Defense has been a key for the New York Liberty thus far, with any success the ladies have had on the court. That was again the case as the Liberty defeated the Fever 87-72 at a rallying Game Two victory of the WNBA Playoffs at the Prudential Center.
The Chaps had been there earlier and of course were disappointed to see the opening times.
Salt and gravel behind the Town Garage.
I have several compendiums of Poe stories. I don't know when I bought my first, but I think this one - the one illustrated with the amusing title of The Portable Poe was the first (my most recent is a Bloomsbury edition with a foreword by Neil Gaiman). It says inside that this old edition was published in 1977 and 1979. I could have bought it around either date.
It took me from October 2011 until December to read up, research and study what phone would suit my lifestyle. Various forums (Android Forums, Pinoy Android, XDA Developer), tech review sites (Engadget, Technorati, Pocket-lint, GSM Arena, T3, Ubergizmo, etc.) and YouTube reviews showcase this phone as the ultimate Android device for mobile gaming.
Mr P. went off to a conference in Belgium, so I spent most of the night listening for sounds, creaking etc in our old house... Funny, when he is home, I sleep like the Grateful Dead, even if he has been called out...but let him not be coming home, and I suddenly turn into an insomniac. At 1am, I heard a funny rustling sound in the kitchen, froze for a few seconds (duvet clutched high to my neck...as if this was going to save me from whatever was lurking in the house...I mean get real, what?, am I still 2 years old.....), seriously gathered my courage, and leapt out of bed, de-activated the alarm, (I may have grabbed some implement to use as a weapon...the details are kind of fuzzzy), and flung myself headlong into the kitchen....only to be met by silence......
from which the seed cracked open
Oh yes, that sign does say 1200 euros a kilogram (around AU$1560 a kilo, or US$700 a pound). There was one lady giving 1300 euros a kilo a try too.
In the end, I guess I did not really agree to medicine. I chose it over and above my desire to be, well, everything else, as well as my desire to be with my family, to be home, to travel the world, and, most importantly, to earn my own living. Its killing me to have to depend on other people for finances, haha. Medicine allows me to understand even if I cannot do anything about it, to do something about it even if I know Im going to fail, to fail as long as I tried anyway but still understanding where I went wrong so I dont make the same mistake again. So, during the times I get frustrated with it, this is what I tell myself, repeatedly  I chose this over and above everything else so, honey, kindly dont screw it up.
The movie follows the lives of two men who would on any normal day not have crossed paths. One man is a quadriplegic aristocrat who sustains an injury during while paragliding and the other is a young man from the ghetto/hood/projects.
On my mental list of what I hope you gain from me, dear chicks (which does not include an aversion to going to sleep on time, a fear of escalators, or an inability to taste cilantro without gagging) is the knowledge that it is your job to find beauty. And in order to find it, you must first open your eyes and your soul to whats around you. Remember that you will find what you look for. If you seek out ugliness, you will find it. But you dont want to waste your precious hours on ugliness. Its beauty youre looking for.
First let me console your readers. John Lynch, did you really buy your color TV because of the joy the New Jersey Nets colors brought you? I find that hard to believe. But I will believe you and am more than happy to take your TV off your hands seeing as how you wont need it anymore. And dont you worry David Distefano Im sure the Nets will have plenty of merchandise to exchange with you for money!
Continue in garter st, decreasing 1 st beginning every row to 22 sts on needle. Cast off.
So why, you may ask, am I adjoin to agenda distribution? I am absolute alert of what comes with it. Yes, it is added convenient, and in a lot of cases, cheaper (especially if you yield traveling costs into account), but it aswell takes a lot of ascendancy abroad from the consumer:
Add a sprig of rosemary or a potpourri sachet to the box to keep your mail smelling fresh.
Also, he is heart-throbbin hunky.
Fox is all set to acquire the worldwide rights of Karan Johars Shah Rukh Khan-Kajol starrer My Name is Khan for a record Rs 100 crore. Thats more than double the budget of the film.
3. Too Late To Turn Back Now
And the other lovely this about CAS cards is there aren't too many ingredients to remember
#068 Tim Hudson (A's)
I did a little SXSW music warm-up last night to see if I could handle a little drinking and fun during the SXSW interactive.
Minneapolis, Minn. : Bethany House Publishers, c1988.
First off, Egypt Independent, as part of a series of articles on ordinary everyday Cairenes, offers "A Day in the Life of a Bellydancer." She dances on a Nile boat club. But she's from Argentina. In fact, quite a few of Egypt's belly dancers in the big hotels and other venues are Europeans or North or South Americans, or from elsewhere in the Middle East.
PROSPECTS: Director Timur Bekmambitov has some pretty decent genre cred. The book this is based on was quite popular.
+(real life, Nip/Tuck #84) Seans bedroom clock was 11:26PM, and then we noticed ours was as well!
F80 18, iso 250 needless to say I scrapped the lens for the rest of the day!
I have like 10 billion recipes from months ago just patiently waiting for me to post them. So stay tuned!
Dell 3115cn  An All-In-One Printer That Works Hard
In case any of you forgot (or didn't know), I'm damn short. 5'1". Usually I stop towering over people by the time they hit the double digits. I actually have to be mindful of where I write on the board because Soon-mi might not be able to reach it at all. Photos of starving children in Africa are horrible and touching, yes, but something about a grown woman barely coming up to my shoulders is way more personal.
Last night I did fall asleep on the couch. He woke me up, but it was like I was so tired I didn't even want to get up. I still had my jeans and wedge sandals on. He offered to take my shoes off. They have like 1000 straps, so I said, "No I'll get them." I fell back asleep. I woke up at like 12:30 thinking someone was breaking into the house. Gosh I am crazy.
Wha- ? You... I don't even... RRRRRRARRGHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!
In the late 1960s, with the drink gaining popularity and Cacolac being distributed to cafs and bars throughout France, the dairy changed its name to la Socit Fermire des Produits Cacolac. From the 1970s onwards, the drink was also available in supermarkets (and today 70% of production is sold in shops). By the 1980s it had become a firm favourite with children in France as a snack-time treat and, in the mid 1990s, Cacolac's profile was given a further unexpected boost by the satirical puppet show Les Guignols de lInfo on TV channel Canal+, where the latex version of footballer Jean-Pierre Papin would regularly extol the virtues of the drink!
How did I know it was a lie? This is because M.E. Bailey, the master watercolorist, had told me so. I visited his blog, here, one day in early May 2010, and found he had made a large, particularly dark, section of his watercolor disappear. I e-mailed him to ask how this miracle had happened, and he was nice enough to e-mail me back. I figured that my problem in the past was that I did not follow his directions carefully enough. So I pulled out his old e-mail and followed his directions meticulously, and it worked!! Actually I was so happy that it worked that I wanted to stop at this stage and call it done!
The story is far too long to tell in the framework of one post, and although I have already told some of it, there still much more to research. But I will build the story gradually on the other blog and keep you appraised of developments as they materialise.
Now my second bit of shameless linking is actually no longer shameless because Maxabella has excelled herself and decided to give her giveaway to someone who could use a lot more xmas cheer than the rest of us need right now (have you been over to Jelly Shane's Girl Power initiative yet??). But because I think this is oh so lovely, I would still love to link up to her very generous contributers!
Marvel CEO Isaac Ike Perlmutter, who owns 37% of Marvel stock, also secured himself the top job overseeing the Marvel business after the acquisition. That includes decisions on which characters are developed into movie stars.
Stoneyhurst College, which Tolkien visited during the 40s and 50s, when his son John was evacuated there and his other son Michael taught there. "As well as its links to J.R.R Tolkien, other literary figures associated with the college include Sir Arthur Conan Doyle (a former pupil), the poet Fr. Gerard Manley Hopkins (a former member of staff) and contemporary novelist Patrick McGrath":
Africa remains high on the agenda of those looking to invest in foreign markets but despite the growth and progress a perception gap still remains. However, significant improvements in trade agreements, regional integration and an increased investment in infrastructure will push Africa into the top league of investment destinations.
This past week I've been working on a sermon from Psalm 16, a beautiful golden jewel of a psalm. Some commentaries argue that the crux of the psalm is in verse 8, where it says, "I have set the Lord always before me, because he is at my right hand, I shall not be shaken." I've been pondering what it means to mindfully keep the Lord day by day in the very center of our lives, indeed, of our very souls. What it might look like for me.
Winterson says as "a Northern working-class girl, she was not encouraged to be clever". Her adoptive father worked in a factory and her mother stayed at home. There were only six books in the house, including the Bible and Cruden's Complete Concordance to the Old and New Testaments. One of the other books was Malory's Le Morte d'Arthur, which she says started her life quest of reading and writing.
We checked in, settled into our room, and freshened up, then went out to grab a bite to eat before we explored Palma.
The sun was beginning to rise as I did this.
Across the country today,thousands of 10 and 11 year old children will be sitting hunched over exam papers. And they will continue to hunch for the rest of this week - 4 English papers, 3 Maths and 2 Science.
As you feel in your
Thanks for your help!
Plus, the work itself teaches you how to do the work in a funny kinda of a way. Yes, I've often thought that I'd love to do a fourth one, in fact I have a treatment partially written for a fourth one. If I ever did it, it would be -- the twins now but my age. And how they're kinda settled into a life, and there is a set of female twins with their own twisted story. And one of the primary elements of the fourth one, would be the fact that Belial was never really a character but a caricature. I would play Belial in the fourth one and we would fully develop his character and the interaction between the brothers.
The film will be released in about two theaters nationwide this month. What a pity. Watch the trailer here.
tomorrow- the world.
~ Canon in D by Pachelbel
He crawls fast and furiously, he cruises the furniture and he climbs. He climbs like a mini-Spiderman. He can get to places M never even thought of going. Hes almost ready to walk and has started standing up using his own strength rather than pulling himself up. Hell be walking soon... I dont want it to be too soon, I want him to stay slightly immobile for a while. We feel that hes going to be danger boy once he gets going. If theres a difficult path, he takes it  over, under, through... He loves it!
After Dan, Brandon took the stage. He used Dans amp (vintage Princeton Reverb) which made his sax playing sound a heck of a lot warmer. Brandon is a good player, and used a lot of delay and loops.
I have edited it in PicMonkey using the Daguerreotype Frame  which did take away from the second subject (the church itself) but I really liked the effect.
So in Ghost of a Chance, Eva and the ghost world exist on the other side of the looking glass to the Strattons and the murder investigation. The challenge for me was to have those two strands twining around each other while retaining certain points of mystery up until the very end.
Tomorrow is my last day off before Christmas. The hours are getting too long to work open to close shifts to give each other a day off. (Well, for the boss anyway. He has a child in daycare as he and his wife both work and it doesn't work out well for them.) We're open from 8:00 am to 10:00 pm the next two days, then it's going to be 7:00 am to 11:00 pm through the 23rd. The boss does his open to close shift tomorrow and I do mine on Wednesday. The 24th the hours are 7:00 am to 5:00 pm.
Following registration, opening comments from the organisers and morning tea the 2011 FCPI symposium began with a keynote address by Professor Patrick Sookhdeo, a Senior Visiting Research Fellow and counter-terrorism expert from the UK Defence Academy for Cranfield University, speaking on surveillance, privacy, collaboration and civility in the modern age. In a broad sweeping talk he discussed various issues related to terrorism in the era of social media and social networking, with a strong focus on the United Kingdom.
Even so, I'm glad I listened to 'The BFG' on audio. Richardson narrated the book in a way that my mind alone could not have allowed me to experience, particularly in capturing the voice of the BFG.
We wandered down Las Ramblas- one of the most famous boulevards in the world. It's full of shops and street vendors and other fun things. There is also a HUGE market there and we couldn't resist wandering around and staring in awe at the perfect food on display. I wanted to buy all of it.
What kind of a civilization is this?
My school counseling internship has taken over my life. I guess that's to be expected since it's like a having a full-time job minus the pay. If I'm not at school, then I'm reading articles about school counseling, editing and re-formatting my resume, writing cover letters, putting together my portfolio, and getting super nervous about the whole searching for a job thing. Who knew I'd be so terrified at simply the idea of an interview?
3. Share What You Got (But Keep What You Need)
Meanwhile, Greene was acting her heart out, doing the best she could with the character of a burned-out, child-like brown-acid-victim, who hysterically confesses to crimes she hasnt committed in order to pad out the plot but her refusal to burst into song, or call upon the Pie Hole gang to help solve the case definitely counts against her here. It was kinda cool to see her dressed as a hippie-ish rock chick though more of that, please! Martin just seemed to be irritated by everyone and everything she encountered presumably because she knows shes the heroine of a murder mystery story, who cant actually solve murder mysteries. That must be quite frustrating for her. Siemaszko was mostly there to react to exposition, but she managed to keep things fairly lively, so a tip of the hat to her for that and I enjoyed Tina Liffords turn as Bonnie, the kindly owner of the B&B where the main characters take their regular coffee breaks. Other than that, everything was pretty yawn-worthy
A careful reading of the above paragraphs reveals that the author does not consider the provisions of hudud unjust in themselves. He simply objects to the unequal and unfair application of such penalties. He reminds the reader that rich and the powerful people  Mubarak, Assad, Qaddafi, etc.  are never subjected to hudud penalties, but only the poor and the powerless and the unconnected. This is what constitutes injustice under Islamic law.
Romney, like the Bush family, has a very low regard for objective truths. Why should they when they have been so successful at buying the impression of success. In a media saturated culture, with a memory that clings to sex scandals yet cannot name at least four Supreme Court justices, Romney has little disincentive to give up delusions he has spent a life time cultivating.
But I am also drafting a new book! (Yay drafting!) But to be honest, it is so much harder than the last book I drafted. I don't know if I'm stuck in revision mode or what!
(I didn't include nail polish in this post because I have way too many colors that I love!)
So, I read up on space for spine, bleed areas, etc and worked out the dimensions for the POD cover. The best instructions are at Createspace.
Then today (Monday) happened. I currently feel like Brandy is a bitch. Also a part of her Tuesday talk was that she wanted weekly updates about what I accomplished for the week and what I planned to do for the following week. I don't think this is unreasonable in itself, but the fact that she's all the sudden implementing it right after I come back from working at home, after I've been working for her for 2 and a half years, is suspicious and upsetting. Well, today she reminded me about sending it to her, which I did. She responded by saying I didn't do much work for the first 3 days I was back and to please do more work in the future. There is a lot of work to be done, etc. I told her that I was sorry and realized I didn't do that much work but to please understand I'm grieving, that was my first 3 days back, and my work is picking up this week. She then responded by saying that she understands I'm grieving (though she clearly has no idea what grief is) and it's not a big deal since my work is picking up, but if I'm coming to work and getting paid then I need to be working and if I'm not, that's a problem. Now things are completely awkward between us.
THE WORK AHEAD OF US
if you leave on thursday, take all of your belongings because you will not come back here.
And what happened to Pujadas and Ferrari? Barbie and Ken might as well have been actual dolls instead of doll look-alikes. They neither moderated, directed, nor civilized the debate. On the whole, it was as disappointing as the rest of the campaign, and if I have to hear Sarkozy say one more time "folie dpensire" or "mensonge," I think I'll scream.
1) a loop
The Regency Collection has a Calendar of Milestones in womens rights that starts in 1832 and is fascinating reading when you realize how far weve come in 200 years.
Oh, goody! She has a new blog.
Rating 12
These books have much in common; a lot of generalities and lack of specifics. Here are some of the main differences that supposedly separate them.
5) bilk
A very valid question. I am doing GAPS alone. I still have 4 other people to feed. Here's a shopping list for my family. It changes slightly each week, depending upon our needs, but it pretty much stays the same.
I decided to write about Tudor women because they didnt have many choices in life: they were often forced to marry (like Lady Jane Grey); executed to make way for a new wife and hopefully a son (Anne Boleyn); or expected to marry and produce an heir (Elizabeth 1). It was also the time when explorers first brought sugar back to England and only rich people could afford it.
Hope you are having a good week. At least it's nearly the weekend! ~~
In this house
Ecclesiastes 2:4-11 lays out Solomons great work and the results.
Perhaps Im feeling reflective since I am five days away from walking in my own graduation ceremony. Yes, indeed. Five days. Kinda freaky if you ask me. Five years have gone by in the snap of my fingers. Seriously, it feels like it has gone by like a breeze, and Im feeling appreciative of all the people I have met in those years. Whether they stayed my friend for years to follow, or if they were a buddy when we were in class together, if we dated or if we merely flirted, or if we made out like mad at that one party back in my sophomore yearhowever I met you, Im thankful for knowing all these people.
The forty or so hours that Jesus spent in the grave were quiet, Saturday was the quietest twenty-four hours in all of history, but Sunday came, Jesus rose from the dead!
I'm on strict bedrest, so I am only allowed to get up to go to the bathroom and to shower. So, I spend most of my day laying in that bed trying to keep myself entertained. I watch A LOT of Netflix and I've become quite addicted to crossword puzzles. I feel like it helps keep my brain sharp. I also try really hard to keep some sense of routine to my day. I get up pretty early (cause the nurses come in to take my vital signs) and I take a hot shower. Then I put on fresh clothes, blow dry my hair, and put on make-up. It may seem silly to some, but it makes me feel much more human. Once I've showered, I call room service and have my breakfast delivered. (The food isn't so bad!) Once I'm done eating, the nurse comes back in to monitor me. This happens twice a day. Basically what they are doing is monitoring the babies' heart rates and also checking to see if I am having any regular contractions.
We are SO stoked to know that there are people out there reading our babble about crocheting this and spray painting that, mod podge here and fabric there. And commenting, too. We LOVE comments (like all bloggers do)!
A bunch of very angry, very powerful people who ran the local religious establishment started meeting in smoke-filled back rooms after that night, determined to take Jesus down.
Arrange the stamped banners before adding glue. Mae likes silicone glue. It dries fast and easy to work with.
Cluster hops are described as citrus and spicy. Really? What is spicy? I hate these general descriptions of hops. You can't make recipes and know what the taste "spicy" is like. Here is my take:
As the campaign season heats up there will be a lot of opportunity to observe debate styles. Of course we will get to see several presidential debates, but the really telling observations will come from the lesser functionaries. Watch the methods used by the representatives of the two competing parties.
Perfect opportunity to meet some guys, right? To make some friends? They run a little event planning company, right next door to my apartment. Perfect opportunity to score some party invites, right? I wish. They were so cute, but so damn aloof. Some random American girl just barges in their office, and it didnt phase them one bit. They werent curious or concerned. And my French is such crap and my mind was racing, I wasnt equipped to seize the opportunity.
Going oop north to West Yorkshire for todays offering to the IPA gods and these guys are the only British brewery to be sponsoring the International IPA Day.
So, after the movie, I herd into the Ladies' Room with a bunch of other movie-goers while the rest of my posse waits in the hall. I go in, find an "acceptable" stall, and do my business. I also happen to be wearing a bracelet containing several charms on it. Picture this...
Like hummus. And pita. And carrot sticks. Altogether of course. Nuf said.
The children of a great king are not kept waiting at their fathers door as strangers are.
WHADDYA, KNOW: This will take a circuitous route to a point about receiver standards, starting with quote from the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012.
Meanwhile, in heatproof bowl over saucepan of hot (not boiling) water, melt remaining chocolate chips; let cool slightly. Dip half of each biscotti into chocolate; let stand on parchment paperlined baking sheet until set, about 30 minutes.
RJ Keep On Movin
A flock of various warblers invaded the ship for awhile. They seemed to be exhausted, so I dont know if they had been blown off course by all the winds lately or if they have just started their migration south already. We saw 4 whales this afternoon and I took a movie of one when he surfaced a few times.
Surely He is God who judges in the earth.
David Boreanz
Mix and pour into running bath water
is the place to be for people watching
I'm sad to see this weekend go.
that mark our place; and in the sky
I have a post to share about how we are now at NINE on my China team! Go God!! But I had to share how God has humbled me lately through my team.
Our mark will not be made by being the best at something everyone else does. Our mark will be made by being unafraid to be ourselves, acknowledging that crazy, different drummer in our heads, and putting his ass to work.
I just had to finally ink up these darling stamps and use a technique that Debby from the DT at the Penny Black blog uses on her cards. It is such an amazing look-she is the "Queen of Everything" when it comes to layering her images! I finally found some larger embossing tools so I could make my images 'rounded' if that makes any sense. It is hard to tell on these pictures.
1 orange - zested, zest cut into 1.5 inch strips
Rating: 9 / 10
We must change our destructive, careless ways.
this pain you will never feel forgiven for
God has called Latter-day Saint women to prepare his children for the challenges of the last days. In order to fulfill this calling, we must be both learners and teachers of eternal truths. We must study the scriptures that we might arm our children with knowledge of Jesus Christ and his gospel. We must guard our homes against any intrusion of evil. We must seek the guidance of the Holy Spirit. We must make our homes holy places in which to stand. Sisters, we must faithfully fulfill here the sacred trust we willingly accepted there. Mary F. Foulger, Motherhood and the Family, Ensign, Nov. 1980, 105
I moved the dough carefully to the table and placed it on top of wax paper. Yes, the recipe actually calls for that clingy stuff from hell, but like I said, Ive learned that it must be avoided at all costs for the sake of my sanity. (The wax paper works better, by the way.) Ive also learned that when a recipe says, do not form into a ball, you shouldnt. No matter how much your inner Play Doh-loving child wants to. So I followed the instructions to the tee and rolled out a perfect 12-inch circle, and proudly draped it in the freezer to chill. When it was ready, I placed it into a pie plate with a little foil on the bottom, filled it with poor-mans pie weights, and baked it.
Vela has scored 11 goals this season, including five in the last five games. Chicharito has 12 goals*. *Caveat: counting all goals with team, not just league play.
I want to start this blog-period with a birthday card I crafted for a friend that will celebrate her birthday this month. Her favorite color is purple and so I used different kind of shades of purple and pink for the flower-layers. They are made out of folded circles of cardstock and vellum paper ( part is printed, some just unicolor). I put a selfadhesive purple rhinestone in the middle that i got as a gift from my great New-Zealand-Friend Karen O. :) I also used the rhinestones on the small border under the flower. I like all the small flowers on the background of the card that is paper from a StampinUp Set, which was also a wonderful gift from a great crafting Lady Kim Burmeister. I stamped the Happy birthday from a stamp set from My Paper World on a scalloped circle that was another gift from my american friend Jill.
and Jill was filled with laughter.
We grouped ourselves round the farmhouse porch. The sky cleared, and broad streams of stars ran down over the valley and away to Wales. On Slads white slopes, seen through the black sticks of its woods, some red lamps still burned in the windows.
- toil
he rescues me and reminds me of why i love him.
Yep. To the mother in law. As if it wasn't bad enough that we'd only met four times and here I was living in her house, practically engaged to her son... I had to go rub our sex life in her face before she'd even had time to wake up.
I had never said these three words before and I had never heard these words before. Thats not the kind of thing you said OR heard anybody say in my house. My parents never said such a thing to me, they didnt even say it to each other for that fact. I just knew I wanted to hear it AND I wanted to say itbut I didnt have anyone to say it to. Intellectually, I knew you had to feel something first, but what would that feel like?
allow me to suggest 3 words that will determine our growth:
When I bought eggs at the Farmers Market I always wanted to know what the chickens were fedand I never seemed to get a satisfactory answer. All natural wasnt good enough for me. It can mean so many things, and different things to different people. So when the time finally came and we got our first flock, I knew I wanted to feed my chickens certified organic feed so there was no question about just how natural their diet is. Even though The Girls free-range and mostly consume bugs, weeds, grass and spiders, we wanted to know that when they do eat feed, it is the very best they can get.
I hit upon a phrase that really struck a chord with what I was desiring- Moving through my days with purpose. I have finally found a system that works *for me* and true to my type 4 nature, it could not be a system that anyone else designed. I have a big 18 month binder style calendar. I put my to-do list on the spaces for each day. Every morning I get a fresh piece of notebook paper and make my schedule for the day. Every day starts out the same with breakfast, taking my calcium magnesium, planning my day and spending some time alone in prayer and reading my Bible. Beyond that, each day still looks different from the next and I like that variety, but I have some direction, written down for what I want to accomplish before lunch and then what I want to accomplish before dinner. I don't schedule it down to the hour, but depending on the day in 2-4 hour chunks. I throw the paper away at the end of the day, so all that is left on the semi-permanent record of my calendar is my crossed off to-do list. This works much better for me than writing down every detail on the calendar (a bit of perfectionism in me would cause me to develop a nervous twitch if I wrote down "laundry" on every day and missed it twice a week) and it works better than grabbing a random piece of paper to write down today's to-do list, but not having anywhere set and permanent to write down what I need to do next week and thus forget and/or procrastinate.
I guess I'm damning the ending with faint praise.
That time is now.
I highly recommend that you all scurry over to Old Knudsen's blog, as he is really asking for it this time. Catch up now, before the Prods do him in. Old Knudsen can only hope that the Ulster Frys do Mad Dog in before Mad Dog has a chance to get poor Old Knudsen (what with that wooden leg and all, he can't run very fast anymore).
We always sat still and listened when we went to Mass, but every once in a while one of us might get a giggle that we could not stop and even though there were 5 of us, my mom could be sitting at one end of the pew and you could be the last kid in the other end but she could still reach you with a pinch! (We kneeled at Mass anyway, so she settled for a pinch). Hey, maybe thats one of the reasons my brother became an Altar Boy.
This happened recently again with this person, only on a different subject. He/she wanted to do everything he/she could to prove I was wrong. Really? Needless to say, I was hurt and I couldn't understand at the moment why this person had to make me feel so terrible to be "right" in these situations. I dropped the subject again.
Think about it: it's a false choice. If they resign their lives to inertia, there's no story.
So you want to see our "cute" house?
My friend just asked "how do you manage to clean with the 3 of them?" Its actually quicker in the school hols as you don't have to faff with the school run. Also my children, from an early age, accept that mummy has to do this and I'm not here to purely entertain them. Its okay for them to be bored. They have enough stuff to keep themselves occupied. I see no reason for the house to descend into chaos just because its the holidays and besides it'll make me grumpy. It was clean and tidy now its just clean. I was all finished by 1 pm. Quick weekly shop tomorrow in the morning and we're all set.
Here at my new firm these were some of the first people I got to know (after my boss and fellow trainees). It has helped already, and I am sure I will continue to benefit from their knowledge and assistance during my time here.
I thank you
Contestant: Ummm. . .
At home with my brothers,
Tonight marks the first night of the NBAs All-Star Weekend. The Sixers are currently 27-29 and sit in the 7th seed in the Eastern Conference. Sure, that record is by no means a phenomenal oneor is it? Consider this: last season the Sixers went 27-55. Notice any similarities? The 27 wins of course, however, this season the 27 wins came before the All-Star break as opposed to on the last day of the season.
We apologize for any inconveniences.
I've got a good one for you all today, my friends!
Oh, and our whole culture should stop being so fucked up and backwards about people's bodies.
Then I come in right at the point where they're all getting stuck and aren't sure what to do :) We talk about the elements of story - what things you need to make a story work - character, setting, problem/goal etc. - and what you can do to get your story going again if it has stalled out.
~ Add in chocolate pieces and beat for another 2 minutes.
serene in the midst of sorrow.
Different Names, Horses for Courses, To Each His Own
just am so proud of herHer name is Shaiana and she is 16 1/2she organizes and rallies with the best of causes..this one she helped organize and left school early yesterday to attend this march in Center City Philadelphia yesterday..she organizes clothing drives and volunteer organizations for her and her friends to walk dogs at the SPCAshes always doing community service and I couldnt be any prouder.
Felt so good to let go of it now
The whole day I'd been just half a beat off, but the morning of shopping was winding down, and on the whole we had made more refunds than purchases, so it seemed okay. The Missus and I went to Hobby Lobby to buy some picture frames (40% off, score!) and I needed to pick up a tube of Winsor & Newton Lamp Black oil paint in the big 10 oz tubes I favor. We began threading our way through the packed aisles and I left the Missus at the frames section while I made my rapid way to the lieu.
Next up, we sauteed onions, garlic, olive oil, and the delicious sausage until everything was browned.
Melissa Gilbert apparently was rushed tot he hospital after this dance with an injury. I didnt see anything that wouldve provoked an injury in her dancing, in my opinion, it was flat and she had some unsure moments (which Maks took the blme for)
The next morning I loaded my car up with several cases of the Dogfish Head IPA, a couple of another beer of theirs, Raison Dtre, and a six pack of New Belgium Brewerys Fat Tire. Keeping an eye out for Smokey and singing East bound and down, loaded up and trucking I felt like Jerry Reed in Smokey and the Bandit. I smuggled my load of beer from Texas across the Louisiana line all the way to our Arnaudville brewery. There are still some cooling in the beer fridge now, tempting me still to forgo brushing my teeth before bed tonight.
I was at my moms a few months ago and she was laughing and smiling, which is rather unusual for my mom.
A TV mounted on a wall is bringing class to the world of TV viewing and flat-panel television viewing has reached new heights with tilting and panning LCD wall mounted systems. Full platform units provides maximum viewing flexibility and for optimal viewing, please lower your browsers text size setting.
Finely chop the chocolate. In a saucepan, combine the milk, water, cocoa powder and vanilla/coffee/cinnamon and bring to a boil. As soon as the mixture boils, add the chopped chocolate and cook over low heat, stirring occasionally.
Hortons the first I call. He loved strange thought
I participated in Bountiful Baskets for the first time a couple of weeks ago. One of things I got was apples. I love to eat apples, but unfortunately these weren't the best eating apples. They were a little sour and didn't have much flavor.
For example, while following a lead about a couple Tennessee men who were taken to an Alabama prison during the time of the Civil War, I discovered Cahaba Prison. Cahaba Prison, also known as Castle Morgan, is located in Old Cahawba, Alabama (I'm not sure why there is a spelling difference). It had been an unfinished cotton warehouse that the Confederate government turned into a prison. Although there were only 432 bunks, it would eventually house more than 3,000 men by 1865. A staggering number crammed into a small space. You can imagine that the living and hygiene conditions were horrendous. Surprisingly the death rate was only 2%, which compared to other prisons this was very low.
I rarely do shots anymore.
I couldnt fit this into one scan, but if you look carefully you can piece together the composition with Beauty sitting at the table and the Beast lurking just around the corner. The Provensens have used the gutter between the pages to emphasize the corner in the image. The images arent merely frightening, they are brilliant and frightening. The hands of the beast are huge and clawed, yet they hang awkwardly, giving you the idea that in an unfortunate fumbling manner they might accidentally rip your arm off.
He was a ship captain and lived the biggest part of his life traveling around the globe. He always had many stories to tell about different situations he faced during his journeys. He was a good man and worked throughout his life to support his family. Although, I feel sad, I keep thinking that he was lucky enough to see his children creating their own families and also he had the opportunity to watch his grandchildren grow up. Loosing a family person is always hard, but it is a relief to know that he/she has left this world having completed a life cycle.
Because she can.
How To Tell If You Watch A Bit Too Much Children's Television
Plucked in a far-off land.
*If you have a before & after that you'd like featured, you can email me at brookebundy02@gmail.com.
It digs deep enough to turn the soil over, chop up roots
NAB booth #SL8310
Are you having a great spring Saturday today? All us girls at Send A Smile 4 Kids hope you are. We have two different winners for the Things With Wings Challenge. #15 Debbie M wins 4 digis stamps from Stamping Dragon. #2 Linda wins the 3 digi images from Karen's Doodles. Please send an email to khasheck@gmail.com so Karen can put you in contact with the sponsors so you will receive your prize.
The kitten counter-leaps
For that matter, the same could be said of "doodles", too.
So, it just struck me that everyone in this world, i mean each one of us is like Amir Khan. We tend to remember stuff only for 15 minutes or at maximum 30 minutes. I mean when we open our Facebook accounts, we see so many inspirational and motivational things around us but that just remains in our mind till they are on the screen. Out of sight, out of mind.
Raid Steve Hiltons old desk for something blue sky, something headline grabbing. Steve taken it all for his California dreaming?
I also purchased some sundry bits that can be used in other properties, flooring, findings and fabric. All I've got to do now is get on with it!
The desert heat will wipe them out. The engine has a gauge in the dash so you can monitor the temperature. Most cars and trucks do not have a transmission temperature gauge. Fluids are the life blood of your vehicle. We recommend fluid exchanges to give these two components a long life. Using the correct fluid at the correct levels is vitally important.
So I must say, this was the short, short, short version of opening up a shop, I guess I should add a disclaimer that there is A LOT more that goes into it and this shouldn't be used as a template. I just wanted to share some of the experience. So then of course I must "plug" the store. Anyone in the Denver area come in and say hi! You can find the address, phone, etc from the links below. Check us out at:
I didn't have the energy to climb into my attic and unpack my collections to show you.. But the photos below gives you and insight into my collection personality...I took them at a gift store located in Detroit's Eastern Market.
I've always a notebook in my pocket. I'm a busy man with confused mind for this reason I need to note down everything. I used to use my phone but it's not helping. Actually scratch on it when it's complated is a big fun and you don't have a chance to make it on your phone. :D
walk out the door and start training again. Get back on the horse mate. We all have bad days. It is what we do after them that defines us. Get back out there, and march forward. Its only one race. Learn, change and move forward.
Sugars 0.7 g
Chill until firm. Cut into pieces and store in the freezer.
How I will turn over in bed, to face him,
I found that the book to be fun, entertaining, and at times, edge of your seat! If this is more to your liking, or you just want a chance to win another book, or you're not from the US and didn't qualify for my first giveaway...please by all means....enter using my Rafflecopter widget! :)
1 usefulness
THE LONELINESS
organic black turtle beans- 1.48 lbs at $1.39/lb- $2.06- I would like to start soaking my own beans instead of buying canned, since its supposed to not only taste better but be more cost effective. Well see, I suppose.
These flowers you must try today. All of you have the material to make them, probably within arm's reach:
Unaccounted monies, especially large sums held by nationals and entities with a legal presence in the nation, in banks abroad, especially in tax havens or in jurisdictions with a known history of silence about sources of monies, clearly indicate a compromise of the ability of the State to manage its affairs in consonance with what is required from a constitutional perspective, the court had said.
Oh, just you wait and see.
Leave the link to your IMM and I'll check it out! I would LOVE to know what you guys are reading! And I'm sorry I've been M.I.A! My life has been pretty crazy, but I'm back now. I have some reviews written out and I'll post them later! Thanks for all of the comments on my reviews; I don't know if I replied to them or not... sorry! :( Thanks, guys!
Editing and arranging all the photos is time consuming and laborious, but its the writing Im struggling with the most.
My back still gets little twinges but nothing major. I have recently started doing Pilates. For strengthening of my core which will keep my back in alignment, so hopefully no surgery in my future.
Maintenance of the hospital falls under the Gauteng Department of Public Transport, Roads and Works.
In the endfor methere is no need to leave room for mysterybut merely to recognize that mystery is always thereand we may as well accept and acknowledge it.
Mr Turton was suspended by the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) last week after being prevented from presenting a paper in which he concludes that South Africa is "heading for a significant crisis in the water sector".
Abi Morgan (Sex Traffic) and the Director wrote the script and made it an impeccably thought provoking masterpiece! Its character centric at the same time story driven which sums altogether the right amount of intensity portrayed by a few wonderfully gifted individuals selected to amass these misdirected weaknesses to get the audiences attention through understanding what its like to have this unwarranted condition of being human!
As for marketing myself? I did not know that the onus would be on me to do any of that. I thought the publicity people at the publishers took care of sales and marketing. Duh!
Last night tho, super different from anything else I ever experienced. The sheer amount of gassy acid in my stomach was down right painful. It was a churning and churning that laying down on my back, stomach even sides was gross. I tried to make myself puke, in hopes of releasing the fire within my body wasnt having it and said, this is purposeful. Dammit.
Are we deficient in any virtue? Oh supply it, that we may exhibit a perfect
You ever notice when you really need someone you can depend onsomeone who you know will come through no matter what, it is the busiest person. The person who on the surface seems like there is no way in the world they can handle one more thing. You know why? Because the idle ones have too many excusesto many substitutestoo many shortcuts. Almost everything in life is that way. Unfortunately most of us will never know our true capacity for achievement because we never challenge ourselves to perform at our best every day. This is most obvious when we are presented with an opportunity that really interests us. No matter how busy we are, when there is something we want to dosomething we like to do, somehow we will find the time to pursue itright? On the other hand, those things that we dont like or those things we dont want to do are easily postponed and eventually forgotten. Successful people are not procrastinatorsthe most successful and effective people have a sense of urgency. They just grab a hold of it and get it done!!!! They set deadlines and force themselves to establish priorities by what is most important and not by what they like to do the most. Deadlines.that is the magic word. Unfortunately, way too many people never set a deadline to accomplish those things which are most important. They put it on the proverbial list. You know the list I am talking about. The one you write crap down on that you never have any intention on doing. Because those things we dont put on the list, we usually just dive in and get doneusually before the deadlineright? Remember, we are not naturally wound to do all the things we need to do to be successful in lifepersonally, professionallyhealthetc. Because usually those things required to be successful at any area in life, involve doing something we dont naturally like to doat least not in the beginning. Otherwise everyone would be getting everything they want in liferight? Here are a few examples
If you look really hard through the bushes on the right you can see the horse's head.
I just have this utter feeling of failure and though theyd never say it, I think my family would agree with that statement. I think they all had high hopes for me as did I. I do spend a lot of time learning for fun but that doesnt bring me any closer to a career. At one point in life, I was an award winning instructor at UNC-Chapel Hill and now Im essentially a squatter who, at times, cant afford toilet paper.
Then, cut off the legs at the desired length - figuring on about a 1/4' seam allowance.
Its no secret that our members either do not read; or if they can read, they probably are not great readers. However, as they are continually getting better cell phones, it would be wonderful if they could access this application and use it on a daily basis. I personally believe that hearing Gods word builds faith. (Didnt I read that somewhere?) I am really excited about the possibilites for these folks who have been shut out of the blessings of learning Gods Word for most of their lives.
it is mostly luck. The object of the game
goings and comings
3. Natural Remedy for Headaches and Migraines: Water helps relieve headaches and back pains. These are sometimes caused by dehydration and replenishing your body with water can help. Although there are many other reasons contribute to headaches and migraines, dehydration is the common one.
Be sure to check out the current challenge and twist? You have until 10 PM EST next Tuesday to enter. Here's a hint: It will have you one step closer to being prepared for Mother's Day.
One of the key frames of the book is a shift from the passivity of the sit back model of what might come to be seen as the odd mid to late 20th century era of the television and towards a culture dominated by ideas of making and doing. People who watched British television at a certain point in the late 20th century may remember a show called Why Don't You Just Switch Off Your Television Set and Go Out and Do Something Less Boring Instead. So does Gauntlett.
As beautiful and varied as Mynydd Hiraethogs landscape is, the rolling moorland felt isolated and lonely. I think this panorama conveys some sense of the area. Click the image for a larger view.
So when it came to finding a good price or "no price" at all, you could always depend on my Uncle Manuel to find it.
Yes, music in hardcopy is on the way out, but the day where it virtually disappears is not that far off.
"It makes me not want to come to work," he said.
Monday morning begins with temps of almost 70 degrees, its going to be another warm one. Yesterday I saw 109 on my thermometer, and my pool was too hot. We went in it anyway, but it wouldve been nicer at 5 or 10 degrees cooler. It is supposed to cool down again, as the week goes on, but right now its about 20 degrees above normal for this time of year. I have things open for a bit, this morning, but I know it wont last long. Already into the 70s.
Eye Candy 5 Textures
She opened the diners door and peeked both ways before exiting the Tin Roof and turning toward the Doll House. She was only checking sidewalk traffic, not hiding. Nope, she wasnt hiding from anyone. The boardwalks were busy on Saturdays. That was why she hadnt come to town for two weeks. Why their pantry was emptier than a water trough at high noon.
Sinus Polyps  Are These Growths Dangerous?
There are so many things that make me who I am
" if you keep the proportion of chronic cows to below 10%, the chances of being penalised are reduced to 9%."
madness fashioned
EasyMeme is one of a flood of apps catering to the creatives, and you can add heavy customization to the finished article. Its fairly easy to use and navigate, and although it will set you back 99 cents, it gives you free reign to spread your comedic wings.
I had a lot of dreams about flying. Some of them seemed so real. Id be standing on top of a couch, Id jump, and Id levitate. In some dreams, Id be in a long off-white empty corridor. Id make my way through the corridor by levitating.
There are a lot of what I term average grudge holders in the world. I have a dear friend who has a friend she adores. Of her she says, Shes always been a very good friend to me, but there was the one time in high school where she said something that really hurt me. High school for her was about 60 years ago. She carries other things around that shes been unable to forgive, and they have added up, and I can see how they weigh her down.
I finished the stitchery part of my tall stitchery. This was the first one I've done in stem stich and using variegated thread. I'm quite happy with it. As this was a kit I already have the fabric for the boarders.
I was sure my teacher would recognize it as an ironic acknowledgement of how far I had come. And she probably did get it. The only issue is I spent a lot more time putting together the assemblage on the front than I did my play production notes, and it shows. But I still got an 89!
I'm so pleased with the 2 solutions I've found for my ribbon and rubber that I want to share them with you, but I've decided to do a whole series of how I've solved some of my craft room issues, starting with this one about converting your rubber stamps from wood mounted to unmounted. Thanks to the awesome new storage cases from Stampin' Up! I've started umounting all of my stamps and reducing their storage to about 1/4 of the space they took before. This is possibly the BIGGEST space saving change I could have made, and I can't recommend it enough! It's also allowed me to store similar stamp sets together so I can plan my projects more efficiently.
Both songs are simultaneously playing in my head now, in case you were wondering. Sheeeeeesh.
Kimberly Gordon Quartet
Scholz
He held me tightly in his strong arms, afraid to let go, and kissed me full on my mouth.
16 Ye did not choose Me, but I chose you, and have appointed you, that ye should go and bear fruit, and that your fruit should abide: that whatsoever ye shall ask of the Father in My name, He shall give you.
Rouge Coco Baume Hydrating Conditioning Lip Balm (available January 2012)
I FINALLY did a little layout about my new scrap studio
After Sundays wake-up call to the difficulty of finding food I can eat made by others outside of my house, Ive gone shopping and made some food. Sadly there was no picture of breakfast, but Ill tell you about it: 2 warmed sprouted corn tortillas topped with purple kale and scrambled eggs with fresh parsley. Since I had no salsa or tomatoes on hand, I heated some bean soup and put a little of that on top and had the rest of the soup in a bowl. It was pretty tasty. I missed the plain yogurt I would have topped my tostadas with.
Just how do I know this? Well mostly because its Kathi. And also because she has started with a bang and I mean a bang!
Oh I just can't wait to win this thing. (wishful thinking right?)
OklahomaGary Slider, co-owner of Handgunlaw.us, posted a longer message on the SIGForum regarding the move by the State of New Mexico Department of Public Safety. It had been reposted on the NC Gun Owners forum.
To be fair, when that encouragement is there and the intelligence is solid and can be moved upon, Ukraine does actually act competently and aggressively. Whenever an external law enforcement actor assists in one way, shape or form, Ukraine can be relied upon to act. Unfortunately, unless that mountain will come to Mohamed, Mohamed rarely goes to the mountain for want of a better analogy, and little if anything is actually done that relates to actual decisive results otherwise.
*Alleviate constipation
For anyone planning a trip to the Las Vegas area, Las Vegas locals, or anyone in Southern California that makes a regular pilgrimage to Sin City, be sure to carve out some time for an action packed and affordable night of entertainment. The production value, match making and overall feel of the shows these three promoters produce put many regional professional MMA shows to shame.
Bottom is the only person in Shakespeare to undergo a literal metamorphosis; not that he seems to notice any difference, apart from feeling marvellous hairy about the face. He is also the only human in the play who literally sees the fairies; though he talks to Peaseblossom, Cobweb, and Mustard seed as they do him courtesies, as easily as he does to Quince, Snug, and Francis Flute  even if he does find himself asking for a bottle of hay. And, when it comes to acting, Bottom reveals himself to be an extreme literalist, albeit willing and eager to play every part. When the distractedly doting Titania swears how much she loves him, he seems not to be greatly surprised, though it can hardly be said to go to his head  human or asinine.
So today, I feel different about trying to relocate her. A friend pointed out that, my mother is just remembering life as it was 10 or 20 years ago. If she went back it would be miserable for her.He is so right. She talks about all of her friends, back in Wisconsin, but she really doesnt have anyone.
Is it unwise to see forever in another person? When all feels perfect, we continue never having control of another persons heart or change of decisions for what they believe in. Perhaps the wise people in love see a hope of forever rather than a belief in it. Well, past is past and gone, but I want to continue in life using any wisdom Ive gathered along the way and avoid perceptions that are perhaps unwise.
Identifying and defining the problem has in itself been a weight off my shoulders. Now I know its not me (its not my fault, its not about whether I am or am not a nice or difficult person or a good or incompetent worker) most of the emotional baggage and indecision is removed. As far as my boss goes Im damned if I do and damned if I dont, so theres no point me stressing so much about it.
5% can effectively multitask
It seems my blog and I weren't on writing terms for a little while. Not that I have anything against you, Bilingual Butter... I just had a little phase for a while.
Today, one of my student finished her chair.
Drinkability - This beer is rather drinkable for a smoked beer. As I stated in my session post I am not very knowledgeable in the smoked beer style but most smoked beers I have tried the smoke has been very overpowering. This beer was different. There was a nice hint of smoke in a well made porter so everything worked well together.
Solemn produced a knife and tapped the point of the blade against the glass. His stale grin returned and Ben heard him say through the window as the train moved off.
But before this turns into an episode of What's Davin Eating, I should move away from the subject of cupcakes and announce quite clearly that what I'm really thinking about is how I have more ideas for novels than I will ever have time to write.
To a certain extent, that is true.
The humanities often unwittingly present easy targets for critics. This books index features The Beatles, Ulrich Beck and Beethoven, Ludwig van, because Storey considers high and low culture to have been shaken from the shelves, through the history of cultural studies, and its aforementioned little quakes. Foucault, The Four Tops and The Frankfurt School are only a page away, but Storey presents a fast-moving target to the enemy, explaining how discourses are saturated with power at every step, staying with that core, undeniable drive. He takes his subject seriously, describing how signifying practices such as melodrama and acid rock can reach outside their spaces of signification, for instance in a three night theatre run, and point to issues and debates outside that space. These are crucial things. To see how power both shapes meaning and shape-shifts through it is possibly one of the few guaranteed transferrable skills left. But then I would say that, wouldnt I, and perhaps I should also point to myself pointing it out, in a review of a book on cultural studies and power, by a cultural studies lecturer.
With turpentine kisses and mistaken blows
You know, I cant find it, said Hermel. Why dont some of you guys try, he said. Everyone took their turn but no one could find it. And so Hermel decided there was no way except to find Bernie, who had opened the secret door for them the first time. Back up the ladder they all went. Back to the Rats Den went Hermel with Hornmel. Everyone else warmed up by the fireplace at the Guild Hall and waited.
It's a pretty basic design - a great clean and simple look - and I love the use of the Diagonal Scoring Plate to create the subtle background. I used Whisper White and Concord Crush (which is retiring at the end of May!) for my cardstock and added Pear Pizzazz (which is ALSO retiring at the end of May!) and Daffodil Delight for accent colors.
You?
First of all, I want to thank you all for the BEST comments EVER! It really makes my day to think that others like me "work" Because, of course, decorating is my art!
That is all everyone and I will be back with you tomorrow.
Whats also noticeable about these figures in comparison with the current state of academic publishing, is the complete absence of submissions from China, Korea, and Thailand; countries which anyone involved in academic publishing today will be able to tell you are currently engaged in fervent efforts to increase their publishing in English.
Grade 1 success:
I debated going to the barn at all since I had a midterm and a video project due today (which of course I saved till the last minute because I don't know how to make videos...makes perfect sense, I know). I had to stay up till 1am to finish that, and I woke up at 6am...and then 6:15 am...and then 7 am to go over my study guide and run through my flash cards for a few hours before my 10am exam. To top it off, I had a sick, feverish boyfriend to look after, although he very sweetly made one of my favorite dinners for me--scalloped potatoes and breaded chicken. It's so good to eat something hearty when the wind sounds like it's about going to tear the house down.
"Good afternoon, ma'am," one of them answers. There's two of them, a guy with a dopey-looking haircut, and a drop-dead gorgeous red-head. They're wearing dark suits, dark sunglasses, and they're both flashing badges. "FBI. We'd like to have a word with you."
Bye.Cya.
My going-away present from my Aussie family arrived in the mail, today. Theyd heard me express an interest in Ugg boots, before leaving, and decided to buy me a pair. So, I got to look at a website for genuine Aussie Uggs, with real wool in them, and have them mailed to me (because I didnt need any more weight in my suitcases). Taking into account that I dont really like the look of the tan colored ones, and that the Cardy socks make them look pretty cool, I opted for the chocolate brown color, and I think I chose well.
No disrespect to the Penguins fourth-line guys (Craig Adams, Joe Vitale, Aaron Asham, Richard Park, and to a lesser extent Eric Tangradi), but that group provides almost non-existent offense and as a group is much slower than what the Flyers can throw out on the third and fourth lines. Craig Adams may be a terrific penalty killer, but he is not a threat to go the other way and score like Sean Couturier, Max Talbot, or Claude Giroux are.
to grow more loving every day.
Fell runners of the UK seem to have latched on to this concept decades ago with the establishment of the Bob Graham Round--a link-up of 42 peaks in less than 24 hours in the English Lake District. Legendary fell runner Joss Naylor built on this concept by eventually stringing together 72 peaks (and 105mi/38,000' of vert!) in 23:20 in 1975. The Round has never become a formal race but records are kept for the route and as with any FKT-style effort, the spirit of moving quickly on inspiring, gnarly terrain is at the core of these feats' appeal.
Through the show Aamir has brought the issue in front of the public and has promised to write a letter to the Rajasthan Court, pleading them to constitute fast-track courts and the cases should be brought in the limelight and be resolved as soon as possible. Aamir, has also seeked public support which can be expressed via sms or feedback on their web portal www.satyamevjayate.in
The days were unbearably hot, then after a few days and nights of thunderstorms, it is cooler.
See u you here soon on my new pace,
- only 5% of the adresses appears to be wrong. This accuracy is provided thanks to the customers who create the adresses themselves
Emmerdale: Jacksons choice - WINNER
I gave up then, just left it there for the week we were gone. When we came back, the paint was still just was runny as before I left it!! But I was seeing that it was sticking some.
Of course, these days, electric turbo-weasels are all the rage in the trendy nightspots around town. No celebrity (from the A-list to the Z-list*) or member of the Metropolitan-trendy elite would - these days - consider themselves properly dressed without their custom-built electric turbo-weasel prominently displayed somewhere about their person (or, if their person is unavailable, about the body of some flunkey or hanger-on, often just employed for that specific reason).
These photos were taken, just before and after sunset, from the top of the Town Hall Clock Tower on March 5, 2012
The religious world is greatly fragmented and becoming more so as the days pass. Many will say that they have received a revelation. They may have a new idea about Gods Word. Some churches encourage the gift of prophecy and prophets are coming out of the proverbial woodwork. A new cult is born. A new church is founded. A new doctrine is spawned.
On February 17, we found out that we were pregnant with Rodgers baby #2. After the initial mental adjustment of Now I Have to Be Pregnant in a New Place, the rush of excited feelings descended. Harriet would have a sibling close to her age - hooray! But not too close - hooray again! As I braced myself for the morning sickness fiasco, I looked forward to the fun of making maternity clothes, signing up for week-by-week emails, choosing a name, and most importantly, having a new little person to adore.
For the next 15 years Regal enjoyed compounded growth of 25% per year and at times even more. In 1988 we broke ground on a second manufacturing plant in Smithville, Tennessee, a new $4 million facility. The timing of our January 1989 opening could not have been worse. The boating industry was on the verge of one of the hardest recessions it had ever experienced since the oil embargo of 1973. We found ourselves with so much debt that we had to sell the Smithville plant to give us immediate relief.
The rice: Fry rice in oil with soy sauce, white pepper, salt, and 5 spice powder. Fry rice in batches if your pan is fairly small. Once fried, add water and the reserved liquids (from soaked mushrooms, run off from pork, peanut soaking liquid). The rice to water ratio should be 2:1. For every 1 cup of rice, add 1/2 cup of liquid. Stir the rice constantly like a risotto. Do not fully cook the rice until done. You should only partially cook the rice. When cool enough, mix the cooked peanuts with the rice.
It was also in 2008 that they stopped the annual awards for achievement and thus turned the RWB into a low key non-celebratory non-event. Yet this was at a time when the Party needed to praise and encourage individuals for achieving things beyond the normal expectations of any main-stream political activists. Unlike the other parties, the BNP was the only political entity that was being attacked from all directions, every day of the week. As tangible, positive recognition within such a negative political climate, people valued those awards so much. And the more successful we were, the more our opponents turned up the heat and the more difficult it became. But of course, as with everything else, Head Office knew best!
Well, I am now where I am and as I think of the fate that has befallen the poor fellow, I am suddenly attacked by a rush of mixed feelings: I feel sadness at taking a life, then again, I feel the joy of accomplishment and fulfillment, I have done Lagos and the larger society a favour ensuring one-less maniac on our roads. I think of the gladness in the hearts of other normal rational people, the peace of mind that I have created since they know there is one less-speed monkey on a motorbike, smile as a sense of accomplishment envelopes me.
Lord Jesus, put within my heart a burning desire to be changed and transformed in your holiness. Let your Holy Spirit change my heart and renew me in your love and righteousness.
For how could a girl so perfect
3-Kids have no concept of time or deadlines. They do not care if we have to be somewhere at a certain time. Time is irrelevant to them.
But it looks like I won't have to. Check it out:
4 cups bread flour
Or online at;
When I first set out to craft an engaging story, my mind didnt automatically jump to the Zombie genre. At the moment, its a bandwagon full of offerings with fans joining the ranks in exponential numbers. Zombies are popular at the moment; there is no doubt about it. The difference with Days with the Undead is that in the beginning I started out to write a story about survival. The perfect backdrop for that story just happened to be a Zombie Apocalypse and Im not going to lie, the genre is one of my favourites.
Everything, in fact, is grist to the home educating mill. Everything is educational. Everything.
into the exact
Doesn't look like it's going that way
Im not sure how joking about their heterosexuality will fly, but I think Step off, bitch is nice.
Another favorite of mine is Reader's Theater. I give my students their scripts and have them practice with their groups a few times in the morning. In the afternoon, I surprise them by bringing them in the school yard to present their plays outside. We usually find a nice spot in the shade and share our presentations there. They love it!
Kinks Days UK
Here is my brainwave. Im calling it BOOK BOUNCE. If you read a novel that you really, really like then I think you should try and bounce this book in the direction of THREE other people who you know. Now I dont mean you to GIVE them the book and I dont mean that you should just say, Oh read the latest Joe Bloggs, its great. I mean something in between these two things.
5.take back your life
1. The wronging of others
Stop. Lets go through this bit of movie logic. Perseus is the son that Zeus refused to save. Zeus was mad because Acrisius was leading a human revolt on Olympus, so Zeus shapeshifted to look like Acrisius and nailed his wife, getting her preggers. Acrisius, despite seeing Zeus and his wife post-mating, waits until she pops out Perseus, then puts them both in a casket, walks them to the edge of a cliff, and tosses it into the ocean. Hermes is all, Hey Zeus, wanna save your kid? and Zeus is all, Nope.
Well write in regards to the genuine interests of our readers
Do you have this bathing suit in another size?
And I light fires everywhere. To get housekeeping to go a little faster. (Not too fast, I dont want them missing anything) to get the front desk to think a little harder so I dont always have to. To get maintenance to, well, I dont really have to do too much with maintenance, theyre pretty self-sufficient. Oscar and Tango really are my favorite employees. Ok, moving on.
Though I must admit, Tharoor does have a very idealistic paradigm of the Indian political apparata which is a very impractical point of view when you have people like Lalu Prasad Yadav to spoil the show!
And shall I fear to own his cause,
Enjoying Texas Sized margaritas at Rita's on the Riverwalk. Driver, Sam, ordered his Jersey Sized. That's my high school friend in red and her daughter who were in town for a wedding. Tempting picture of the margarita taken by Middle Age Mom, here.
At 2:30 a.m. I was about to fall off my bed and realized I was being pushed off the edge by two sweet little girls. I woke up Gavin to take them back to their room and headed for the bathroom. With a full force gush, my water broke in the toilet! We called our midwife, Wendy, to let her know, then went back to bed. Was it hard to sleep? Yes, I was very excited, but I also knew what was coming and wanted to get as much rest as I could. We got up about six, didn't have much to do since we were seriously sooo ready. So, we ate breakfast, walked, took a nap, walked, the midwifes were in and out, the girls watched movies... finally things got going just before noon.
Needless to say, there is much more to RANDs work than the strategic thought of Albert Wohlstetter, and Abellas book is an introduction to the broad range of ideas RAND has espoused  from rational choice theory (explaining all human behavior in terms of self-interest) to the systematic execution of Vietnamese in the CIAs Phoenix Program during the Vietnam War. As an institution, the RAND Corporation remains one of the most potent and complex purveyors of American imperialism. A full assessment of its influence, both positive and sinister, must await the elimination of the secrecy surrounding its activities and further historical and biographical analysis of the many people who worked there.
The external and internal journey are juxtaposed throughout and emotionally she explores the caution, the fear the sense of loss and longing, the feelings engendered by isolation and fellowship. Throughout the book Carroll wrestles with the difference between being a tourist and being a traveller and ultimately resolves this issue. The difference of pace is one thing but theres much more to it than that.
3) Business and investment freedom. If youre a US citizen, foreign banks dont want to deal with you, foreign brokers dont want to deal with you, and most foreign investors dont even want to risk getting in bed with you.
Peter has also been one of my go-to guys this year as JMU communications has covered JMUs first graduating class of student engineers. All year, Ive relied on Peter and many of his fellow engineers to answer questions, pose for photos and answer engineering questions. For two years, Peter and his team have worked to develop and build a firefighting robot. Given that hes an engineering student and he worked on the iPad app, I was amazed to learn that Peter has also been a member of the Marching Royal Dukes. How does he fit all this into 24 hours?
"We'll see." She mouthed with a roll of her eyes, pulling her brown hair out from between her lips. She turned away from the wind and the street to make yet another phone call, and as she did, her heel caught an edge of black-ice and she fell backwards: wincing as her ass and then palms hit the ground, straining her wrist. She sat there in the moon: a long tear fell from her eye, which she wiped away, and in her other eye she blinked her tears back.
Key: X = time you arrive N = time announced
Other improvements to Cinedrome are in the planning stages and will be rolled out as they mature. Meanwhile, stay tuned for a return to regular posting. Next up: Preston Sturges.
Who is better than a doctor to cure this problem? Who? Think, damn you, think! Of course! My little brother, Mike, aka "Beach Justice." No, he is not a doctor, but he did graduate from SUNY Fredonia in 2002 or so and I remembered he had had a similar condition at one time. So I called him on my cellular wireless telephone. It was about 9AM and Mike is accustomed to waking up at ohhh about noon, so I wasn't expecting him to answer. The phone rang 4 or 5 times before I heard the glorious click and timbre of my brother's surprisingly alert voice answering his phone. I asked him to help me. "Please, brother, please!" He replied, "Calm down, my friend, let me walk you through it." In his most scholarly and medicinal voice, Mike gave me the clinical explanation. I've had a bad allergic reaction to some beer. Something about the wheat or the way they process it. Have I had this beer before? No. Did you drink at all last night? Yes, yes! Well there's your answer. Take some allergy medication and give it till day's end. Oh, thank you brother, thank you! TT, the absoulute peach that she is, drove to the store and got me some Benadryl. Though they didn't exactly perform open-heart surgery on me, Mike and TT saved my life.
So, I just sit there.
Excellent spy-thriller plot
I'm going to take my laptop and my phone and I'm going to go to Starbucks and sit and I am going to write. At some point I plan to go and get a pedicure and perhaps a manicure because as God is my witness, my nails look like I've been walking the earth for centuries. I don't usually have time to care about them but tomorrow I will.
Well, the Cults got me. From top to bottom, this album is full of songs that make me feel like a kid again. After starting with the one-two punch of Abducted and Go Outside, the album continues with strong tunes showcasing Madeline Follins 60s girl-pop ready voice and music heavy on catchy guitar riffs and piano/organ combos. I could go on about their influences, but Id rather talk about a song nestled toward the end of the record that I keep coming back to, Bad Things.
alleged siphoning of over a billion naira by some staffers of the
I don't even care, I don't know why am I crying. Fuck this, this is my last year, then I'm going to do whatever the fuck I want to. And I'm not saying that I don't want you in my life, I'm just saying that I'll be finally free to say anything I want, do anything I feel like doing.
A full Sherlock Holmes novel!
August 11 - September 7, 2012
Ok, I admit, I used to be a picky eater when I was a kidbut we also had to be a bit careful about what and where we ate, when we lived in Central America. We usually avoided eating street food from vendors and little suspicious looking restarants in the market or on the corneranywaysall this to say, I had never eaten a Shuco before! Maybe I would have been thrown off by the name, even if I had been brave enough to try one when I was a kid.shuco (pronouced shooo-co. not like shuck) is slang for something gross, dirty, disgusting. Ha ha!
Revenge of the Cybermen features Tom Baker as the Doctor, Elisabeth Sladen as Sarah Jane Smith and Ian Marter as Harry Sullivan while Silver Nemesis features Sylvester McCoy as the Doctor and Sophie Aldred as Ace. Further details regarding this DVD release, expected for release in July, will be posted here on Doctor Who Hideout when revealed.
I posted this Staples deal on Facebook, but not the blog. I didn't want to go out of my way & waste gas for $3, but I was headed to a party in Newbury Park on Saturday (the last day of the deal), and wanted to do some deals that were on the way. Since I would be driving past the Oxnard Staples, I stopped by to see if they were still accepting the coupons. I had read different stories about limits, etc... even though the coupon said "Limit one per person per day".
Sure, I'm being emotional. But lookie (or listen) here to one of the doctors (Dr. Allen Frances, God bless 'em) responsible for the diagnosis of bi-polar in the DSM 4. Also, listen to how the mother totally ignores his plea that too many kids are being medicated for being difficult to raise. He's being very, very reasonable in my book. I don't see that much among scientists (cough, cough, BC, cough). Fear of mental illness does not lead to good parenting.
Established in 2007 as a classic rock destination festival with the motto life, liberty and the pursuit of rock, Rocklahoma was revamped in 2010 as organizers teamed with AEG Live to create an event encompassing a much broader mix of classic, current and up-and-coming rock artists. In 2011, a record-breaking crowd of over 35,000 fans turned out for the festival, which raised over $10,000 for the American Red Cross as part of their tornado relief efforts in nearby Joplin, MO. The festival celebrates its 6th year in 2012.
Instruction for Children (Honor your Father and Mother) this is the first commandment with promise.
There are two comments in particular I'd like to address personally:
8 indeed
We stressed the importance of checking the oil to The Boy but what 17 year old kid does that faithfully? After all, that's what the lights on the dashboard are for, right?
Let them cool slightly. Then what I do, is to put them on a plate, tear up some basil, (which is also having a last minute burst of production here at Casa Bliss) sprinkle over the top & voila!
12. Most of the populace hasnt an iota of awareness about the giant steps in the collective consciousness that eventually led to the on-going discussions between some of your leaders and representatives of other civilizations. Most people dont know that technology in spacecraft surrounding the planet is causing widely-destructive weaponry to malfunction; is leveling out the effects of geophysical events; and is reducing the toxicity in all types of pollution, including radioactive elements from nuclear explosions and harmful substances in chemtrails.
Dethroned in 2010 after a series of missteps  including a derided reality show and a separation from her blue-blooded husband  Ms. Mortimer had been lying low, mostly out of the spotlight. But those days are over.
For a time, before I wised up and started fashioning it myself, I used to go to the hairdressers opposite the five-star hairdressers  just hoping that a little of the glamour would rub off through close proximity  and I know what they charged, so I hate to think what a premium haircut used to cost.
I've been in Flexible, but only when it was very important to stand firm.
Hey. We're all swimming in this big huge sea of writers, and what helps one, helps the many. I've posted a lot about how hard my struggle has been to get here, how many years I suffered, and how some months, I had trouble paying the bills. I've written a lot about how ecstatic I am that now I am finally, finally, having some success.
In case anyone out there's noticed I've been taking a much needed internet break. I've been putting priorities back into place what needs to be there instead of things like reading friends blogs, blogging & my addiction to fb (Hello, my name is Alysha..and I'm a fb junkie..) No, seriously; I really, really am. It's my worst offender.
FourSquare is an app used to check-in to locations throughout the country for discounts and other perks. You can share with your contacts where you go and discounts available. Some restaurants offer discounts on meal if you check-in at their location. You will be able to see where your contacts are based on their check-in, and can even check-in as a group. You can gain status the more you check-in.
8. He puts his butt up in the air and wags his tail to entice me to either throw a ball or chase after him.
I know I could donate magazines and get all goodie-two-shoes about it. But that attitude is what created the pile in the first place. I needed to devote to done. Recycling was as goodie-two-shoes as I was going to get.
Tickets to the event are $25.00 per person, and a fan will receive one ticket to the Liberty game vs. the Minnesota Lynx, one basketball and one t-shirt. Fans will also have an opportunity to see two of the great guards go at it as Cappie Pondexter and rookie-sensation Maya more are slated to face off.
Cindy Adkins
-pencil
With Tar Beach, we attempted some new forms of connecting with the book and theme. We did have a book discussion, but we opened the discussion with everyone jotting down on a Post-It what they believed freedom meant (see the PowerPoint for Tar Beach); they then posted it on a white board, and then they took turns reading everyones ideas. We then went into a discussion on Tar Beach (what it is, where examples of freedom are, what everyone thought of the art, etc.). At the end of the discussion, everyone was invited to create some art of their own, expressing the idea of freedom (what they love, what gives them freedom).
Heres the deal, when I ask someone how they are, I personally dont care how busy they are, if I wanted to know how busy you were, I would ask how busy are you. When someone tells us that they are busy the underlining message is, they dont really want to talk to you and even if that is not the case, it still seems that way. Busy is a good thing and its great to be busy, but going around telling me that you busy and that is how you are doing, you are missing the question. To many times do I get the response that they are so busy with work and extra stuff, news flash we are busy in our normal lives, doesnt mean you have to respond that you are busy.
For Lunar Festival you have to collect coins from each zone, and for Midsummer you put out fires. To do this as a guild, you can gather up two-person mounts or just escort lowbies to each zone. Or you can group with others your level and go as a group to get each one. Here is a picture of when we took some lowbies across Eastern Kingdom one year:
At one time, the borough used a wastebasket and the slogan "Don't Dump on the Bronx" for their anti-littering campaign. In 2001, the Bronx replaced the image with one of a Day Lily and the slogan "The Beautiful Bronx," inspired by Ultan's book title, as part of a beautification program and effort to improve the Bronx's image.
R is for Rhubarb / A to Z Blogging Challenge
If youd still like to press that 4 weeks is a lot of time, consider this: if we didnt have that time off, wed kill your kids because we have to see them everyday, put up with their BS everyday, help you raise them everyday.
Lately I have been very frustrated about the scores I get on the tests in my training. You see, I had been hired by a Call Center for an inbound account and right now, its my 2nd week on training. I havent failed any written exams, but whats making me frustrated is that I am always one point short from getting the perfect grade.
Shortly after midnight, they located Konias and arrested him without incident. He admitted his identity when arrested and was reportedly cooperative with the arresting officials.
I left feeling like I really have potential!
SO...... rather than have my family take me out for dinner and fight all those crowds of people and many with very unruly children, I am opting for a nice quiet peaceful dinner at home with my family.
I really dont need to say anything else. Obviously She-Ra is rad to the max. She rocks it, Princess of Power style. She is considered The Most Powerful Woman in the Universe. Boo ya! Did you know that before she transforms into She-Ra she is just really Adora? Yep, true story.
1. What are two of the things reporters need to remember about readers, according to Harrower? Bonus: What do reporters and programmers need to remember about mobile readers  people reading news on phones or tablets?
Every normal man must be tempted, at times, to spit upon his hands, hoist the black flag, and begin slitting throats. - H.L. Mencken
Paddlin Madelin Home
Im sorry, but the last one makes me feel like I may have accidentally called for a jihad some place in the world. If I have, I didnt mean it. I take it back or blame the guy in the photo credits below. I only meant to be a Sweet Mother. And this post is all this Sweet Mother has in her, at this very moment. The well has become irritated. To express my inner feelings, to represent the turmoil of the tortured artist I am today, I give you this:
Our first garden went into the ground in 2009. We didnt till; tomatoes and peppers went directly from seedling containers to the rock-hard former cow pasture. Our yield was decent enough considering the lack of preparation. A couple times that summer, I cleared the weeds from around the plants  and found long-dormant muscles I hadnt been stretching.
Ah Christmas Eve, a time of joy and celebration even if you lived in a disco era bomb shelter. After the kids fell asleep in their sleeping bags, visions of canned goods and gold bars dancing in their heads, Brenda put up the artificial tree. Then she hung the unbreakable ornaments, draped the flame-resistant garlands, and broke out hypoallergenic fiberfill snow for under the tree.
This was one of the those situations in life one must face with the right attitude. As I mentioned earlier, this was out of family obligation because one person really wanted this to happen. And, someone else loves this person, which was the biggest push for me. I realized that love for multiple people is greater than the hurt and anger I feel for this one person. And, it was that love and desire to please those important people that made me "bigger" and the anger become smaller.
Last week he took his two-man crew downstairs and they tore out the knotty pine paneling on the outside backyard wall, took up all the 1970's basement shag carpeting, tore down the ceiling tiles (which had been falling down on a regular basis anyway) and moved in a dumpster to get rid of the debris.
And then as I was walking out, my therapist said my children will not grow up with the pain that I endured, and I lost it. Cause really, isnt that what I want? Yes I deserve to be happy, and I will be, but this Mama Bear is protecting her cubs above all.
Could I ever have something so complex?
Hanukkah is one small part of Judaism and hoping it can eclipse Christmas is setting one's self up for failure. But if you allow Judaism to have a bigger role in your life all the time, the Christmas season can seem to pale in comparison.
December 3  Reindeer Run Half Marathon, Amelia Island, FL 2:33:49
We all have good times in life and we all have bad times in life.
noodle
pronghorn antelope! one day in the far, far distance we spotted them. a herd of eight was moving from the south to the north across the plains. oh how we wanted to drive closer to see them, but just like in the serengeti, you must stay on the road (even if it is a narrow dirt one). so we turned around and headed north too, maybe a mile ahead of the antelopes, until we found a road that led out into what we hoped would be closer to their path in passing...
And I lost sleep at night
Here is an interesting blog entry by Alex Hutchison where he looks at a new study from a lab at the University of Colorado on shoes and barefoot running economy.
I have used my Forever Friends Collection Cd for the topper and matted this onto an embossed nestie. I embossed some silver mirror card with a Darcy butterfly embossing folder from Crafter's Companion and matted this onto the matt magenta cardstock I have had for a while which I got from Crafter's Companion. To finish I have added gems, stickles and ribbon details. The base card is a papermania 5x7" scallopped edge card.
I'm sorry I'm so long in blogging, I really am trying to be better. I have so many plans for blog entries that never come to life. I need to do some product reviews... talk about house projects... all kinds of things but I never seem to find the time to sit down and write them out. I get distracted by long 18th century Scottish time traveling novels or WWI era mini-series on PBS. Some day I really will have an interesting blog.
Two doors Where do they lead? Choices, choices
There are many reasons to be cynical about modern elections, but one functional benefit they provide - at least in seriously contested races - is to force incumbents to defend their practices, raise up alternative approaches, and generally provide an opportunity for public debate about the minutiae of a job that normally is never the subject of media coverage nor even public conversation. In that vein, the Austin Chronicle has an interesting back-and-forth interview/comparison with Travis County DA candidates, incumbent Rosemary Lehmberg and challenger former Court of Criminal Appeals and District Judge Charlie Baird. (See the Chron's earlier coverage of the race.) The first item on the Chron's list is of issues "Wrongful Convictions," and here I immediately fall out with the incumbent DA, who announces that:
Random guy in crowd: RED! RED! RED! RED! RED!
When I graduated from my undergraduate degree, however, I moved into London and no longer had the space for much model making or workshop equipment. Life changed too and London had lots to offer and plenty of places to explore. My interests also change slightly. I became very interested in sustainability and reusing objects. It was Victor Papaneks The Green Imperative that changed my view on life. I started to view objects and consumerism in a different way and set myself the challenge of not buying new clothes for a year. I found this remarkably easy and I got a real kick out of rediscovering my wardrobe again.
My Stampin Up image is stamped in Close to Cocoa ink on top of a background stamp by Inkadinkado that I stamped in Crumb Cake. I mounted this onto a piece of houndstooth designer paper from my stash and ran I the bottom inch through the crimper just to give it some punch. The sentiment and the punches are all by SU.
To do this I clicked on the right hand tool bar CSS styles  All rules, and double clicked .oneColFixCtrHdr #container (the container is what holds each of the website pages. Then a CSS rule definition box pops up and I selected Box and edited the fixed width to 3000 pixels, enabling me to enlarge the width of the page allowing a scroll bar, to scroll along the images that will be added to the different galleries.
Mars in not just a good-looking singer, hes also a talented songwriter. Despite lending some vocals on B.o.B.s Nothin On You and Travie McCoys Billionaire, he also penned the hook for both songs. He also co-wrote Cee Lo Greens smash Fuck You, Flo Rides Ke$ha featured Right Round and Knaans anthemic Wavin Flag.
A big psych-salute is due to Nick for his help with this. Coincidentally he'll be back on the blog via a Dear Diary entry later in the year. However - should you fancy catching him in action - he's backing Debbie Duveen and The Millbanks at the Hoxton Underbelly on January 26th - details here and here
I want to go back there and grab some for me!
1 hots
* Glossy Accents (for holly berries, bells, eyes & lips)
And you know what's weird? What we went through while dealing with this seemed oddly familiar. Like something we vaguely remembered learning about before, but neither of us could put a finger on it. Until today. So today, I'd like to present to you, Internet Audience: The Five Stages of Dealing Rejection.
How counterproductive to keep struggling to carry a load that God has selflessly offered to carry for us. Why is it that were not trusting Him to live up to His word? Whats keeping us from doing so? Numbers 23:19 is clear that we can trust God to stay true to His promise to us. If He says something, He will hold true to it. God is not human, that He should lie, not a human being, that He should change his mind. Does He speak and then not act? Does He promise and not fulfill?
3) Comment on this post indicating that youd like to win!
Like, "my grandmother's funeral was out of town" or, "my internet was gone" or...
You loose woman, you.
The latest health theory, which feels right to me, from my naturopath, is that the virus I picked up last fall went deep into my liver and is hanging out there, flaring up whenever I push myself too much or get too stressed. I can feel it there actually when it flares up, which it's doing again this week. We're on a third set of supplements to try to knock it back. In my search to feel well, I've undertaken a series of rolfing/structural integration bodywork with a highly recommended practitioner in town. She's also an energy worker and has combined the two modalities on me, which has been fascinating. I'm not, by nature, super attuned to energies and more subtle modalities, though I'd like to be. Experiencing emotional releases during some of this work has been eye-opening, to say the least.
The second disc includes Lumet on Lumet, a collection of archival interviews with the director who talks about his long career. He talks about getting into show business as a kid. He also discusses his work ethic and how he applied it to his films. Lumet also shares some of his interesting life experiences.
I think my whole point here(and I did say that it was a ramble) is that for me personally, list-building is often about how much I have in the game, and not necessarily about how many ber models I can fit in there. Thats not to say that I dont use competitive units, but I also wont handicap myself deliberately by taking sub-par units. Its different for each person. I dont take too much time when I make lists  again, limited selection  and I include stuff that I like seeing on the tabletop. A few fun games last year came down to a Devastator with Rage tokens from eButcher trying to pull off a caster kill(didnt work). Its stuff like that that I really enjoy.
2 Tablespoons soy sauce
Building Your Own Identity
Once I got the shoes on, I headed outside to do a simple walk today. After walking about a block I had to backtrack home and get myself a stocking cap. The temp is showing 43 F, with winds at 15 MPH so bring the feels like temp down to 35 F.
And I needed a script to help me navigate that role. Each time a new conflict or problem arose, I turned to the scripts I'd created in my mind, ahead of time, using them to guide my way.
So we arranged a swap....
As I strive to honor God all of my days, my hearts desire is to give constant encouragement, lift their spirits, and speak words of hope (Acts 20:2 NIRV). I pray that my words encourage you to find hope and worth in Christ. I pray that my words to my husband, to my children, and to my friends are a blessing and that they honor God.
What have you missed? Well, Spring Break has come and gone. We enjoyed a week of being at home without all the responsibilities of school. However, Jacob still played baseball throughout the week. Easter has also come and gone. I served Easter dinner on our front porch this year. The weather was beautiful and we enjoyed the company of our neighbors for the day. I have also discovered several new recipes that I want to share when time is more abundant. Oh, we have added our first "critters" to the farm. (If you have read my blog for any length of time, these are the same critters that I really don't like. However, I do enjoy what they produce so we have given them a home). We have also planted part of our garden, but we have a lot left to do!
Another project that I worked on yesterday and finished up this morning is a set of hot pads. They are nice and big - eight inches square. I stitch from corner to corner to hold the layers together and then bind them like a quilt. For the hanging loop, I made crocheted braid that is typically used in Romanian Point Lace. I made a 3" piece for each hot pad and then used the same crochet thread to attach them to the pads.
Before you health food skeptics roll your eyes, let me say that I recommend these muffins for flavor. Especially when baked in a mini-muffin tin, they are highly addictive two-bite delights. But their nutritional profile is nothing to sneeze at.
Do you see me in the crowd? Most probably not but the whisper will start here and spread. It doesnt matter how. One whisper in a crowd can be heard if people are willing to listen. But if 875,000 people are all whispering the same thing, PKD, then think of the potential heights.
And earn a fortune from his name, he neednt play another game
The SAFMA and the SAMC called on the governments in the region to commit themselves to supporting and expanding press freedom and the free flow of information in the digital age. New media have enabled people to bring about massive social and political transformations. Yet, media freedom is fragile, and it is also not yet within the reach of everyone. Furthermore, as more reporting is transmitted online, more and more online journalists including bloggers are being attacked and even killed for their work, Mr. Alam and Mr. Ketkar said.
was holding my left hand
It is like PR in showbusiness and the media.
Sherman truly was ruthless in his Civil War march through Georgia and South Carolina. This biography examines possible reasons for the generals behavior, finding likely clues in his childhood, his education and his secular jobs.
How would you like over $600.00 worth of Senior Portraits & Products from Jays Photography at NO COST to you?
You should have better marketing ideas. May I send you some, or all off the manuscript?
In My Time of Dying
The ONLY way I made it to Mother's Day 2012 is because I have a God who has good plans for me and will not leave me.
I've kept up my Monday-Friday 'thou SHALL go to the gym regardless of possible reasons not to' deal. This is helped in no small part to the fact that:
Thankfulness CREATES that which brings you whatever you seek. Thankfulness is the CAUSE and not the result of a pleasant experience. Thankfulness is one of the two most powerful feelings that a human heart can tolerate. They are each, the two sides of the same coin: Panic is the belief that I have nothing. Thankfulness is the knowledge that I have everything.
The second plot deals with Puck trying to figure out his plan. This plot was also something of a mess mostly because of sloppy writing. Large blanket statements are continually made about graduation when the SHOW clearly stated that not everyone was the same class status. Puck at one point says that the Glee guys have been like his fathers for the past four years who let this line go to air?! Yeah its kinda sentimental but its totally full of shit. If that line were directed at Mike and Finn it MIGHT be accurate, but in any other context it is totally wrong! First off, Puck didnt join Glee until his sophomore year so he didnt meet Artie until then. Furthermore Sam didnt come until they were juniors and Sams joining Glee ran concurrent with Pucks stint in juvie. Blaine and Rory didnt come on the scene until Senior Year and Joe has only been around for two or three episodes so really barely any of them have actually KNOWN him for the four years let alone acted as parental figures that really annoyed me. Apart from that you see Puck determining to leave school, then having a change of heart after a run in with his dad and then realizing that despite his best efforts he may still not graduate I tended to care more about this plot, because it dealt with a familiar and likable character, however it has some flaws that really held it back.
Nails: L'Oreal Penthouse Pink
'Another wonderful turn of events happened last week when I spoke with his new teacher for this upcoming school year. For the first time, he will have someone who knows that technology is the way to reach him, is knowledgeable about technology, and bought an iPad this summer so that she could be ready for him. We'll be sending his amazing MiP iPad with him to school so that we can coordinate apps. School starts Tuesday, and we can't wait to see where the year takes Jake. This year is pivotal for him since it is his last in elementary school.'
May 7th.
This is a very specific type of writing and in doing regular blogs on a particular subject you keep a good focus on it while allowing freedom to look at other areas. This can be great, especially if youre struggling to fit writing around a busy schedule.
3. Alessandro Vercelli, Oana M Mereuta, MD; Diego Garbossa, MD; Giuseppe Muraca; Katia Mareschi; Deborah Rustichelli; Ivana Ferrero; Letizia Mazzini, MD; Enrico Madon, MD; Franca Fagioli, MD Human mesenchymal stem cell transplantation extends survival, improves motor performance and decreases neuroinflammation in mouse model of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
Concert Date and Time:
Let me say what I think I understand.
It dawned on me after I realized that I had missed the ball drop, the kiss, the excitement of the New Year that I am so happy to be where I am in my life. I certainly enjoyed my single and even married but without kids years, but I don't miss the constant feeling of being let down after setting such high expectations for holidays like New Years in particular. It was a great feeling to know that I am so content where I am in my life right now. I am blessed with an incredible and loving husband, a hilarious and tender hearted little boy, wonderful friends and supportive neighbors. Who could ask for more?
She was off her rocker.
When my mom was pregnant, she did not want to know the gender of her child. She wanted it to be a surprise. She prepared a name for a girl and a boy. I asked her what her planned boy name was, and she said Sumakwel. Apparently Sumakwel is a very courageous Filipino datu. But come on, Sumakwel? Really? Thank God Im a girl! Ano ung nickname ko dun Suma? Or God forbid Susu. But lets go back to Suma. Hmmmpuwede rin para short for summa cum laude. Haha. Then again, cum laude lang ako. ;-p
_____I have some friends who don't have a Facebook profile. We have nothing to talk about.
If you line up on the other side of my views generally, you may want to let this one go. I welcome all comments, of course, but can guarantee there is nothing anyone can say that will shift my views on this subject. At all.
If this event is a birthday party or other celebration, you must have sweets and candies. For a central cake you can get the edible cake icing no idea other than this new sensation of heat. Justin Bieber party goods online have the range of items from soup to nuts. Put it on your own homemade cake. Does the homeowner know what is the favorite flavor of chocolate birthday cake? Maybe something to research!
My mother tells me that one day while still a toddler in the Bronx, I climbed up to an open window and sat on the window ledge of our six story apartment building, happily dangling my legs and enjoying the concrete view across the way. Whatever danger lurked was beyond me and my puerile mind.
Voucher Amount (0.00)
But... it's not Thanksgiving yet and I wasn't going to cook a turkey just for supper for the 3 of us. So, back to the cold frame search. I chose a colander full of spinach, I had some ham in the refrigerator, I'd make a quiche. Barbara and Josh both like quiche.
Fred Pennix recently drove into Chicago's crime-ridden Englewood neighborhood to check on two of the nearly 40 families under his watch as a state child-protection investigator. It was a holiday but, worried about the children's safety, he was going to knock on a few doors anyway.
Baffert also will have two starters in Friday's Kentucky Oaks: Eden's Moon and Jemima's Pearl.
"We're trying to get to point where we're having them
I do it both ways. It depends on the situation. If it's a group for the family, we use a travel agent for the knowledge and security. But the cruise lines have user-friendly websites, too.
Obama is strongly opposed to such a deal, White House officials said.
The other candidate was Larry Eustachy, who resigned from Iowa State in 2003 after photos surfaced of the married coach kissing college girls at parties. CSU hired Eustachy on Thursday, when he said he was "humbled" by what happened to him.
Both programs are already two-thirds filled. No wonder.
UPDATE: The light rail funding discussion has been removed from the May 15 agenda. It may be moved to the budget committee's May 24 meeting, and council aims to decide before fiscal year 2013 budget is approved. You should still know these five facts about light rail, though, so I'm leaving them here.
The boy described the man to police. One of the boy's neighbors, who was driving by shortly before the attempted abduction, also offered a description of the man, Salle said. The neighbor had seen the man walking behind the boy, apparently shortly before the incident.
INDIANAPOLIS -- Indiana coach Frank Vogel couldn't have asked for much more Monday night.
Campbell was also charged with four counts of official misconduct, following an undercover investigation by the county prosecutors office and Parsippany Police Department that culminated in his arrest yesterday. He was being held last night in the Sussex County Jail in lieu of $50,000 bail.
As recently as last month, the top general in the Air Force issued a memo warning officers against "the actual or apparent use of their position to promote their personal religious beliefs."
Two White House advisers who were asked earlier whether the Homeland Security Department has been directed to look at different approaches to deportations would only say that the agency is considering a range of actions.
The owners have created a concept that is ripe for replication, but I've found that in most cases new locations siphon off some of the special attributes of the original location, which is the case here. Even though the food on our recent revisit was good -- good enough to justify the always- crowded dining room -- discerning customers can probably tell that the owners have shifted their attention elsewhere. We saw evidence in the chipped salt and pepper dish on our table, in the way the waiter tossed bread plates in front of us, and most importantly, in what appeared on the plate. The breading on the fried trout ($13.25) was just a little bit too salty; the string beans with shallots, lemon and olive oil ($4) were removed from the pot a few minutes too soon so they were more raw than crunchy; and the broth on the always-wonderful "pot on fire" ($15.25), chunks of slowly simmered beef brisket surrounded by hunks of carrots, onions, turnips and leeks, had lost a bit of its intensity. Fortunately, it's easy to sweep away the blahs with the coarse salt, cornichons and mustard that accompany the latter.
More than 1 million bats have died from the fungus, which has been found as far south as Tennessee and as far west as Oklahoma. Some caves on federal land have been closed to the public to try to stem the spread, but scientists don't know how the disease is transmitted or even how it is killing the bats.
Loyally supported by his No. 2 (Martin Freeman), who understands that saving the chief from himself is a full-time job, the captain has only one lack in his life: He's never won the coveted Pirate of the Year honor, though not for lack of trying.
The loss ended a tumultuous season for Syracuse that began with accusations by two former ball boys that they were sexually abused in the 1980s by Bernie Fine, a longtime Syracuse assistant coach. Boeheim vigorously defended him, but later walked back his support in the face of new information. Fine, who was fired Nov. 27, has not been charged and has denied any wrongdoing.
the summer of 2009 to measure nicotine levels in the air.
2010 Lodi "El Porrn" Cinsault
More important, Romney polls 21 points behind President Obama in public approval -- the worst rating for a likely presidential nominee in a Post/ABC poll since 1984. Indeed, he is the first to be "underwater," with higher negative than positive ratings, in the last eight presidential elections.
Social class. Hyprocrisy.
The lowest base salary paid to a full-time Capistrano teacher was $48,899 last year; the highest base salary was $97,031.
When Tuffy didn't lift his hoof, Cawley decided to put her foot down and show "who was boss." "I went back with that mentality," she said, grinning widely, "and it made me and Tuffy more at ease."
Poudre at Mountain Range, 7 p.m.
Drug- and device-makers can manipulate these ambiguities to boost sales without spending millions on clinical trials, experts in medical research said. Companies pay doctors who are considered leaders in their fields to give speeches discussing a product and can mention an off-label use, for example.
"The doctors really have no way of knowing, and we have no way of knowing until you get out there and start to do the things you need to do to play first base at the major-league level and swing the bat and run the bases."
The case against al-Hashemi highlights rifts that haunt Iraq after decades of dictatorship, war and civil conflict, and the departure of American troops. It also follows regional revolts that have toppled or undermined authoritarian leaders in the Middle East.
The study by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation and the University of Wisconsin Population Health Institute compared counties within each state on a range of health factors.
Carl Pettersson had another fast start and finished with a two-under 69 for a five-shot victory over Zach Johnson on Sunday in the RBC Heritage.
9937 Markhall Ln, $162,000
Still time: You have until Tuesday to contribute to an IRA ($5,000 or $6,000 if 50 or older) or an Oregon 529 College Savings Network account ($2,120 singles, $4,240 married filing jointly) and still deduct them on your 2011 federal or state tax returns as if they were made last year.
Castle View 31, Ponderosa 24
He spoke of business people who deal with the government as part of their daily life and are exasperated by a maze of agencies, permits and websites.
SAN FRANCISCO -- Hewlett-Packard says it's making one last run of its TouchPad tablet computer before the device is officially retired -- again.
Dan Meek, a registered Independent, lives in Portland.
- Arizona Stronghold Vineyards Jambalaya: Enjoy Arizona wine, Cajun food and the music of bluegrass band Muskellunge. Tickets include admission, food and a glass of wine. $25 for wine-club members; $35 for public. 5:30-9 p.m. Nov. 20. Old Town Center for the Arts, 633 N. Fifth St., Cottonwood. 928-639-3004 ext. 222, azstronghold.com.
Pregame: Alright, folks... we're just over a half an hour from kickoff in Germany, so let's see what the media are saying about both teams before the the match gets underway ...
"What Im going to miss is crazy Whitney."
St. Dominic fell to 9-3 and 4-1 with the loss.
"It will really give us a better idea as to what kind of need exists in the community in terms of sleeping environment and also how inadequate sleeping environments may manifest into daytime problems," said Wilson, a research fellow in sleep medicine at the University of Michigan.
"There is absolutely no evidence we are able to find that any of these inaccuracies have led to voter fraud" or to efforts to prevent people from voting, said David Becker, director of election initiatives for the Pew Center on the States.
Some repeat winners receive an Austin Kearns bobblehead.
One time he punched me in the chest so hard, I went down and lost all my air, Blake said. The 8-year-old version of me thought I was going to die, that it was over.
 Brett McKenzie, about The Muppets star Kermit the Frog, while accepting his Oscar for best song for Man or Muppet.
Well, I know (Newark mayor) Cory Booker understood that having the Nets in Newark was temporary, and I think the results were mixed  in large part because the team was not performing optimally on the court, Silver told NJ.com.
started out at a snail's pace. But by the time the game reached the final quarter, it had the makings of a classic.
Margate City Hoops For All
I once thought the Taste without superstar performers would still draw crowds. Even wrote a column saying so. I was wrong.
I started planning and saving for my familys mid-January Disney trip 10 months in advance. For the amount of money that I was spending, I didnt want to fight through crowds or end up standing in the middle of Main Street, U.S.A. clutching a map and trying to figure out what to do next.
Advocates who fight trafficking point out that the 40,000 figure is identical to the one used ahead of the World Cup in Germany four years ago. Researchers at the International Organization for Migration, a Geneva-based intergovernmental agency, looked into the number following the 2006 event. Officials they interviewed said they saw no jump in measures related to sex trafficking, including police cases and calls to hotlines, says Sarah Louise Craggs, a project officer with IOM.
Portland has 21 days as of Dec. 20 to collect paperwork related to the City Council decision and forward it to the state land-use board, said board spokeswoman Kristi Seyfried.
The Airbus A340-600 is a four-engine plane that can carry about the same number of passengers and travel the same distance as the 777.
Lioi has asked both sides to "come prepared to provide specific detailed information regarding the nature and extent of the discovery involved."
Contador is likely to try and attack Schleck again in the first Pyrenean climb on Sunday, and the Luxembourg rider is prepared for it.
 April 10: Urban Cycling  Part 1  In Class: Intro to Safe Cycling  San Diego, 6  9 p.m.
But don't vendors - and department stores - object to Gordmans selling products at those prices?
FUGITIVE ARREST: A fugitive was arrested at 8:08 a.m. Sunday in the 200 block of Deane Court.
Still, the sale is for nearly $180,000 less than what they paid for the house in 2005. Ms. Wetherell's husband has commuted to Reno, Nev., for five years and they have decided to relocate.
Havre de Grace is going to race this season, both Keith and Porter said. She was rested in Florida and is getting back into training at the Fair Grounds track in New Orleans, where Jones is based this winter.
How does being a fitness legend rank among all your achievements?
While there are more race car drivers than NBA players on the list, NBA players who made the ranking are Rashard Lewis, Vince Carter and Michael Redd.
Sheriff Michael Strada, who said he had not yet seen the lawsuit and could not comment on its specifics, said the restraint chair is not used to punish inmates.
A major earthquake will hit Southern California. We need to prepare now for the recovery. In a time of growing concern over the national debt, we should proactively address this issue to protect you, other taxpayers, and California's fragile economy. To be very clear, this legislation would protect the American taxpayer against future federal bailouts, allowing private investors to fulfill a role traditionally played by the government. State based programs like CEA have robust financials and a strong ability to repay debt, and they would benefit California consumers by saving them over $1 billion dollars over five years.
Instead, many states have privatized management, paying fixed per-patient rates and letting companies assume the risk of rising Medicaid costs. The less that population spends, the more the manager makes.
13. Strange Times
The same hints of gold highlight a staircase to the second floor, where a different medium defines the color palette -- the original bath tiles dating to the late 1930s.
"This is a good test to get a bunch of new people out, people who don't necessarily come to Blueberry Hill or to hip-hop shows," he says. "That's who I want to get to, those new people."
OG Olando Carver, sr., Vashon
York, who was selected for the job from among 50 applicants, said she would have provided the information if state officials had asked and intended to tell her boss before starting work Tuesday.
Hester lasted about two days, killing three Americans and 85 Vietnamese.
involvement resulted in the election of conservatives such as Republican Rand Paul of Kentucky to the Senate and 87 GOP freshmen in the House of Representatives, many of them backed by Tea Party activists. Their presence on Capitol Hill has influenced debates on deficit reduction, immigration and environmental issues.
"I'm like so many people who, once they fall in love with chiles, want to show them off to others," she said. "They are worth sharing."
Oil prices fell below $102 a barrel Friday in Asia amid investor concern U.S. jobs growth last month may disappoint and suggest demand is weakening.
Green power programs are supposed to develop renewable energy, not mislead unwary customers.
"The White House believes the government ought to control the Internet, government ought to set standards and government ought to take care of everything that's needed for cybersecurity," Boehner told reporters Thursday. "They're in a camp all by themselves."
2009 Black Box Wines Central Coast Shiraz ($25, 13.5%): Black Box was an early entry into premium boxed wines nearly a decade ago. Give the bold berry flavors and hint of gaminess a slight chill - especially if it's a hot day.
The Cardinals, managed by Ken Boyer at the time, won the game, 4-1. But with two outs in the bottom half of the seventh inning, Harvey, while umpiring at second base, booted Sutton.
"Over the last three and a half years he remained an extraordinary friend. So Jeffrey, thank you. And I want to thank Clooney for letting us use his basketball court. This man has been talking smack about his basketball game ever since I've known him.
Some say it's difficult to think of Maryhill as a high-level museum because of its hub of oddities, but to do so is to overlook the several parts of the collection well worth the time of the serious observer. Such as:
Director Daniel Slater made mostly good, pro-drama choices, right until he put the skull-faced Fool into the Marie's murder scene; it would have been far more effective without him hanging around as a murder-urging Spectral Dude, or having the members of the chorus appear in skull makeup. It also wasn't clear why a boy and girl dressed as the Drum Major and Marie appeared among the tormenters of Marie's Child.
It says something about his character that Wade still won't criticize former Astros owner Drayton McLane for basically gutting the franchise and not giving Wade a chance to put together a competitive ballclub.
As the competition moves forward, Massone said he is rooting for friends Jermaine Paul (Team Blake) and Jamar Rogers (Team Cee Lo).
Written in 1870, "The Forest" offers a delicious mix of social satire and Shakespearean plotting. The first element is covered in the household of Raisa (Wiest), a lady of means who's selling bits of her estate's forest to a crass merchant (Sam Tsoutsouvas).
Uecker recalled not playing in the World Series in 1964 and said he was told that manager Johnny Keane didn't use him because Uecker, standing in the outfield during batting practice, had sported a tuba loaned to him by Bob Kuban.
O'Leary said about 20 to 25 customers were in the restaurant and pub at the time and all escaped without incident.
1. How about some urgency, some excitement?
In the Chinese language statement released via email and on the Internet, Chen said he was grateful to Clinton and other U.S. officials and did not feel pressured or forced to leave the U.S. Embassy and did so of his own free will.
"By doing that it would hopefully draw some people who either want to switch, move, or come downtown," Mihelich said Friday. "The idea is to lure people in with very attractive rental rates and then (Triple) will spend some money to dial up the suites."
Wisconsin's Congressman Paul Ryan said the subject hasn't come up, but said he enjoys working with the former Massachusetts governor, whom he has endorsed.
3 (86) Sean Spence, lb, Miami
Film director Christopher Nolan, who has helmed the two previous Batman films  starring Christian Bale as the caped crime fighter and his alter ego, Bruce Wayne  said Tuesday the Pennsylvania city will host filming for a third film for at least a month.
Porter wrote "Let's Misbehave" in 1927, for his musical "Paris," and though it did not end up being included in the Broadway production, it became well-known anyway, when that show's star, Irene Bordoni, recorded it. Here's Bordoni's version:
Police officers and their lobbyists jammed the seats, lined the aisles and stood outside in the hallway, all with the same message: Cops will die if this bill is approved. No real-life examples were provided to back up their assertions.
The Orange County Register on Wednesday reported that members of the multiagency serial killer task force  which includes representatives from the Anaheim, Brea and Placentia police departments, as well as the Orange County District Attorney's Office, the Orange County Sheriff's Department and the FBI  had expanded its investigation to encompass the earlier Yorba Linda slayings.
Patients with central sleep apnea are also encouraged to visit a sleep specialist and undergo objective testing; these cases should be studied by an in-lab sleep study and not a home test. The primary treatment is continuous positive airway pressure, though a wide variety of pressure devices are now available and, in some cases, may be more effective than traditional CPAP.
*May 9: at Washington, TBA
Mid-career: $66,400
To make up to two days ahead: Let crepes cool completely, wrap tightly and refrigerate.
McDowell and Jelen said that as GM closed other stamping facilities, including one in Mansfield, as part of its bankruptcy reorganization, Parma got much of that work. Parts for the Buick LaCrosse that had been built in Michigan now come out of Parma. Mansfield used to ship parts for the Chevrolet Malibu to Kansas City. Parma makes those parts now.
City officials and Nguyen's attorneys are due to talk details over the next two weeks, with the issue returning to the City Council on May 8.
The first movies under the new arrangement are Universal's "It's Complicated," which will be supplied four weeks after its release for sale on April 27. The first Fox title is "Avatar," a 2-D version of which was released for sale on Thursday.
Thats a lot of pork running  or more accurately, shuffling  around, destined for a dizzying array of dishes. Bacon. Ribs. Pulled pork. Pork chops. Pork tenderloin. Tacos al pastor. Adobo pork. Pernil, the roasted pork shoulder. The list goes on and on; yes, well even make room for scrapple, the Pennsylvanian pork product that includes every part of the pig, as the saying goes, except the oink.
In the first major-league game since 1925 in which both teams put a position player on the mound, the Orioles Chris Davis overcame an awful day at the plate by pitching two scoreless innings and getting the win as Baltimore outlasted Boston 9-6 in 17 innings.
Among weeping friends standing nearby, Emily Rowley said she planned to visit Shelby Dasher in jail after the funeral. Rowley explained, "I just want her to know that for as disappointed as we are that Tyler isn't coming back, she is still loved, and I'm going to support her 100 percent."
Since 9-11, Holton said having officers from diverse agencies talking regularly from an early stage is the best way to protect the public.
The Oregon Shakespeare Festival announced on Friday that it expects income to fall short of budget by about $750,000 for the 2008 season. Projections of weakened income next year also mean the company will slash $1 million from the "already austere" $26.5 million 2009 budget that was approved at a board of directors meeting in September. According to a press release, the festival is "facing one of its greatest financial challenges in its history."
"I'm absolutely thrilled that this board has come together over the past two years over the issues of transparency and community involvement," Mack said after the reorganization meeting held at School 11 on Bergen Avenue.
"If you don't want transparency, maybe government isn't the right place to put your money," Jacobs said.
Spanish Economy Minister Elena Salgado lent Portuguese authorities support Monday, saying Portugal won't need a bailout because it is enacting reforms that will help save the nation's economy from imploding.
Though in France she is seen as a sort of symbol of the nation ("nation" being a feminine word in French), the myths around her began relatively late.
Though he threw for 266 yards and a touchdown last week, Locker connected on just 20 of 37 passes and had some key mistakes on a late drive, running the wrong way on a third-down play and having a pass swatted at the line on fourth down with the Huskies going for the go-ahead score.
Kokomo leaders and business owners say an infusion of cash pulled the city back from the brink. Besides benefitting from Chrysler's $7.1 billion share of the auto industry bailout, the plant received nearly $4 million in federal stimulus money and an $89 million grant to help Delphi Automotive Systems develop electronic components for vehicles.
Some fans have been unsympathetic since Giants first baseman Aubrey Huff was placed on the 15-day disabled list this week with anxiety disorder. The theme of the mocking on sports-talk radio and the Internet: How tough is your life when you're making $11 million this year playing a kid's game?
Joe Vitt Assistant head coach 6 games
At Parkway, Harrison said, individual schools in the district previously each handled suicide in different ways.
LARCENY: A larceny was reported at 5:29 p.m. Dec. 10 in the 700 block of Union Road.
Kelly suspended him indefinitely on Oct. 24 after the latest in a string of traffic citations, this one for driving without a seat belt, with a suspended driver's license, and without proof of insurance.
The information was market-moving, traders say. In the hours after the lunch, some traders wagered that the odds of a bidding war had declined. Seadrill's shares rose more than 1% as it was viewed as less likely to pursue a costly acquisition. Pride's shares fell by about 0.5% in the minutes before markets closed.
It would help if he showed, first of all, a capacity to run a campaign not obviously dependent on the latest polls, or the fears of consultants. He could begin by ignoring the chorus of hysterics agonizing over the gender gap, then proceed to comport himself like a presidential candidate who grasps that women see themselves as citizens like any othernot as a separate group assigned victim status, to be favored with special tenderness.
SINGAPORE  Oil prices jumped to fresh 30-month highs above $108 a barrel today in Asia as signs of a recovering U.S. jobs market bolstered investor optimism that global crude demand will strengthen.
The Sixers believed so strongly in their developing nucleus, team president Rod Thorn balked at making a move by Thursday's trade deadline.
At a meeting last week, residents were given the chance to speak out on the boroughs budget, totaling $3,451,881.66.
Earlier this year, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that another former Sept. 11 detainee, Javaid Iqbal, couldn't sue Ashcroft and FBI Director Robert Mueller for abuse he suffered while detained because Iqbal couldn't show there was anything linking the top government officials to the abuses.
Literary Orange is a joint project of OC Public Libraries and the UC Irvine Libraries. In addition to the keynote speeches, panels will cover subjects such as fantasy, law, memoirs, mystery, poetry, nonfiction, science fiction, war and history. Book sales and signings are planned, and the day-long affair includes continental breakfast and lunch.
Three Rivers Park District officials said they've been talking with the theater's owners about future collaboration with the state's oldest professional theater, near Excelsior.
And so were the Magic, right?
Long snapping, who would have ever thought? he said. Everyone is saying its the golden ticket.
The two dominant political issues of Jerry Brown's first governorship were taxes and crime, and as a more-or-less liberal Democrat with soaring ambitions, he struggled mightily to avoid fallout from both.
Republicans immediately disparaged the analysis as "public relations." An insurance industry spokesman acknowledged that sick people can have trouble buying insurance on their own but said the analysis overstates the problem.
White ran a season-best 15:54.8 and finished 44th in an all-star field of more than 300 at the Nike meet last year. SLUH grad Tim Rackers, Rockhurst's Herriott and Westminster grad Daniel Everett all placed in the top 20 at the 2010 Nike meet. Nerinx Hall grad Colleen Quigley was ninth in the Nike girls race.
He was at a crossroads after the Carolina game in which he played poorly, Schiano recalled, but he has played very well since then.
Human Arc: Robert Glaser was promoted to senior executive vice president, operations, Jill Spencer, executive vice president, business development and client relations, Stephen Mullin, corporate director of marketing and product development, and John Smith, director of quality and continuous improvement, for the Cleveland provider of reimbursement and other revenue enhancement services for hospitals and health plans. Chris Milligan, vice president of national sales, was elected region executive for Region Six of the Healthcare Finance Management Association.
"Jordan is a combo guard with a wide variety of skills, someone who can do a lot of things for you," Haith said in a statement. "He's a point guard with tremendous scoring ability, and having him is crucial to helping us achieve balance in our classes."
"We couldn't let (Rose) get his game going, because he sets the tone for that team," Smart said. "You can't stop Derrick Rose one-on-one, but our entire team did an excellent job against him."
The game-winning kick goes wide right. No good! Bad omen for the Bills in upcoming Super Bowls.
After going to so much trouble to keep the Big 12 together, of course, it might seem counterintuitive to suppose MU would consider anything else.
The program will begin Thursday at 7 p.m. with a ceremony at the Hillsborough Municipal Buildings Garden of Honor, 379 South Branch Road. A brief reception for participating veterans and their spouses will follow in the multipurpose room. Call (908) 369-3535.
"This will be a real dog fight, theres no doubt about it," said Patrick Murray, the director of polling at Monmouth University. "We havent seen anything like this."
Ms. Fleming drew on a trick she learned in the restaurant business: to decorate for low maintenance by having fewer, sturdier furnishings. As a result, the interior of the house, on a hill with a 360-degree-view, is sparse. The wood floors lack sealant, because that would require refinishing. The furnituremostly wood antiques and comfortable, neutral colored sofas, gold mirrors and antique light fixturesis meant to be timeless rather than trendy, so it shouldn't have to be replaced every few years.
A male student said to another, "What's Reedville?"
Dafoe proves to have the right blend of ruggedness and sensitivity for this conflicted hero.
Tablet computers can do almost everything laptops can, but they're more fun to use and more portable than any laptop could hope to be. Over the next few years, I fully expect tablets to replace their larger brethren.
The demand for a UC Berkeley education is driven in part by U.S. News & World Report's ranking of the 36,100-student campus as the nation's best public university. (UCLA is second.)
Colorado counters with 6-9 senior Austin Dufault, 6-7 Andr Roberson and three guards. At least the springy Roberson, one of the nation's top rebounders, plays taller than he is.
Leporatti added that Schettino was upset by the accident, contrary to depictions in the Italian media that he did not appear to show regret.
Asked about the business card, Gee said: "I don't know the guy."
Law enforcement in Hudson County has ratcheted up security in light of the report of a possible terror threat as the 10th anniversary of the Sept. 11, 2001, terror attacks approaches, officials said yesterday.
6. Eco lighting
"I felt something in my leg during the game," Marcelin said. "It was hurting."
"A Facebook user ID may be inadvertently shared by a user's Internet browser or by an application," the spokesman said. Knowledge of an ID "does not permit access to anyone's private information on Facebook," he said, adding that the company would introduce new technology to contain the problem identified by the Journal.
But the plan would keep deductions for interest on home mortgage and charitable contributions. Also, the proposal would let taxpayers choose between taking a sales tax exemption on food or taking the earned income tax credit.
The previous contract expired after last season and another negotiating session is expected later this month, NFL Referees Association executive director Tim Millis says.
Christies proposed realignment involves UMDNJ, Rutgers and Rowan universities, and would affect the north, central and southern parts of the state. The proposal calls for the breakup of UMDNJ, with Rutgers-New Brunswick gaining the medical school, cancer institute and school of public health, and the remaining parts becoming the new Health Sciences University of New Jersey headquartered in Newark.
On Monday, Synthes said in a terse statement it was talking with Johnson & Johnson about "a potential business combination transaction" and did not intend to make any further public statements until a definitive agreement is reached or talks are halted. J&J has repeatedly declined to comment.
"What I really understood from Julia Child was that if you really, really want something you shouldn't let anything get in your way," Moulton says. "I don't really think it's feminism. She would have given the same message to a man. She was willing to go into a man's world and cook this food that women weren't cooking. She's a role model."
"At the end of the day, the real question is what do you do with 5, 8 and 9," Jackson said. "Thats going to be the seminal question theyre going to have to wrestle with. Our impression is that they are certainly a focus."
Starwood has deals to license or operate Baccarat hotels under development by third parties at several sites in China, one in Dubai and a few in Japan. The Manhattan hotel will be Baccarat's flagship. But the brand probably will have only a few other locations in the U.S., Mr. Sternlicht said.
Among the other Warhol items will be one of his signature "Flowers," from 1964-65, in orange, blue and pink (estimate: 3 million-4 million); "Self-portrait (Fright Wig)" (1986), showing a pink-hued artist with a crazy hairdo (estimate: 2 million-3 million); and "Mao" (1972), a complete set of 10 color prints based on the Chinese communist leader's official portrait (estimate: 300,000-500,000).
Bush, whose memoirs were published recently, still is in negative territory. About 51 percent said they disapprove of him as president, again joining Nixon as the only two former leaders to be more disliked than liked.
Edwardsville police said the suspect, William L. Ducksworth of the 700 block of South 28th Street in Belleville, is a registered sex offender. Ducksworth was arrested today and was being held in lieu of $250,000 bail.
Jackson said climate change has a disproportionate impact on the health of the poor, the very young, the elderly, those already in poor health, the disabled and those living alone.
All right, sir. It's speculation. But informed speculation. Maybe it's the motley crowd I ran with, but my friends who joined the military did so for fuzzy reasons, few of which had to do with patriotism.
Im a player who loves to play the game, loves to compete and loves to go out and try to win, Wallace said. If that means diving to go into the stands to get that loose ball, that one possession could be the key to the game, so it means a lot to me.
1:05 p.m. Altoona at AKRON AEROS, AM/1350
Academics over the decades have written tomes on the subject, with the late academics Charles Kindleberger, of MIT, and Hyman Minsky, of Washington University in St. Louis, considered some of the most influential thinkers. But theres been little dedicated attention to the subject, Rapp and Ehrlich say, even though bubbles are common features of economic life.
A St. Charles man is charged with felony stealing after St. Peters police said he forged checks registered to the New Old Town Picnic Committee.
In Camden, for instance, reported crime has been up in almost all categories this year compared with 2010 and 2009. But crime has multiple causes, and experts caution that it's hard to determine how much of the increase could be because of layoffs.
138: Ryan Carter, G (34 wins, 3rd county, regional finalist)
In her first season on the World Cup, Shiffrin scored her first World Cup podium and managed three other top-10 finishes in slalom. Shiffrin turned 17 two weeks ago.
Be J.R. of "Dallas" for a week. Vista Verde Ranch, near Steamboat Springs, is offering the chance to "own" the ranch for a week Sept. 30-Oct. 7 for $50,000 for up to 10 people (or $70,000 for up to 15). The fee includes accommodations in the cabins, meals, beer and wine, airport transfers, all activities (including horseback riding), instruction and equipment and gratuities. "Owners" can schedule everything, pick the meals and evening programs. Visit vistaverde.com.
Dr. Steven Shafer, an anesthesiologist who specializes in propofol, said it is "extremely uncommon" for the drug to be used in the home. Shafer testified on behalf of the prosecution in the trial of Dr. Conrad Murray, who was convicted in November of involuntary manslaughter in the death of Michael Jackson.
Farris, a defensive end, said he was caught off-guard.
Towson University Student Government President Matt Sikorski, wearing a fashionable pair of heels, carried a sign stating, "My strength is not for hurting."
Only four months into 2012, Minaj has already headlined two of the biggest moments in live music, with her Super Bowl gig followed by an outlandish exorcism-themed Grammys set that was the talk of the telecast. Her new album, "Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded," is an even more daring document of a young artist holding onto her creativity while navigating major commercial stardom.
In his introductory remarks, coroner Torleiv Ole Rognum said the median age of the Utoya victims was 18.
3. In a separate bowl, whisk together lime juice, oil, mustard, garlic and cumin. Pour over quinoa and toss to coat. Season with salt and black pepper and serve. Or refrigerate in an airtight container up to 2 days; season with salt, pepper and lime juice to taste before serving.
Many judges will simply raise the income cap and apply the formula accordingly, though they rarely lift it beyond $500,000 said many lawyerseven when the parents earn millions.
4/30/2012, Olney Fire Department, 501 North Walnut Street, Olney, IL, 2:00 PM to 6:00 PM 4/30/2012, Mattoon Middle School, 1200 S 9th Street, Mattoon, IL, 2:30 PM to 6:30 PM 4/30/2012, North Clay Elementary, Rte 45 South, Louisville, IL, 2:30 PM to 7:30 PM
16. K2, the world's second-highest mountain. The peak is not visible from any inhabited place, and geographers have never been able to find a reliable indigenous name.
Just back from a national NORML conference in Colorado, Hawes also is helping NORML educate people about the state referendum on the fall ballot calling for the legalization of marijuana.
It began on Sundays, during film sessions when he sat on the coachs lap and watched and listened to him break down game films. He saw it grow from theory toward reality when the Midshipmen, who were his dads pupils, tried to translate his fathers notes into post patterns and trap blocks at practice.
"Can't give things for free," Tortorella said. "We gave too many things for free."
"Miguel Cabrera is going to hit," Leyland said before the game. "Mark it down. Look at the book. Take it to the bank."
Patrick O'Keefe, CEO of O'Keefe & Associates, a restructuring firm in Bloomfield Hills, said the general direction of the budget is good, but it lacks specifics, and the shortage of detail indicates some of the looming cuts are politically charged and were deliberately left out of the early budget proposal.
Ryan said the preliminary investigation showed a discrepancy of $11,027.82 in forfeited funds, but it actually was 82 cents. He could not be reached Friday for comment.
Under a blazingly hot sun, on a raised dais in front of the high school, a variety of legendary performers from the 1960s sang musical tributes to the group. Among the guests was Bobby Lewis, who sang "Tossin' and Turnin,'" which was No. 1 on the Billboard charts for seven weeks in 1961. Barbara Harris, who sang with another girl group, The Toys, performed the group's hit, "A Lover's Concerto," also known as "How Gentle is the Rain" And another Passaic High musical star, Joey Dee, lead singer of the early 1960s group Joey Dee and the Starliters, sat in the front row and waved to the crowd when introduced by Passaic's town historian, Mark Auerbach.
Bobby Dinkins*, Dave Hofer, Glenn Carl Wieland*
2004: Emory becomes one of 50 sites nationwide to participate in the Alzheimers Disease Neuro-imaging Initiative study. The goal is to establish standards for obtaining and interpreting brain images to identify high-risk individuals, provide early detection, and monitor treatment effects.
AIR FORCE TRAINING
Dear Members of the Board:
But the 58-year-old Alarcon doesn't live there anymore, and the couple has rented the home out, according to Woocher.
It is important to understand that not everything we show will end up at the St. Louis Art Museum. Not everything we do will be historically important. What's important is that we are presenting to you the ideas and thoughts that are happening in studios right now.
If you'd like to seek out a few special ones to try, here are some suggestions:
KABUL  President Hamid Karzai chastised the United States on Friday, saying he was at "the end of the rope" over what he termed the United States' lack of cooperation in investigating the U.S. soldier accused of going on a rampage this week and killing 16 civilians in southern Afghanistan.
"People are hungry for that message," Casey said in a recent interview.
"The heightened polarization over the debt limit has increased the odds of a short-lived default" by the government, the rating agency said. "If this situation remains unchanged in coming weeks, Moody's will place the rating under review."
They found a building in Lyon, Mo., several miles outside of Washington, that had last served as a country store.
Hier said it might be hard to find a cemetery that would accept Demjanjuk.
A month has passed since the trip, and I still think of these wonderful new friends every day. I took out the cards I received and decided to incorporate them into my dcor so I could enjoy them daily. I still have four more frames to make, but I love how my first two came out.
"I expected to hear something that night or at the latest that Monday. I thought maybe they didn't man it on the weekends," Kelso said. "But when it's a child missing, it should be a 24-hour situation. It should be a live human being. If they're not going to answer it, at least call you back."
In a highly unusual agreement reached between the city and homeless plaintiffs to resolve a class-action lawsuit, people who show that the city destroyed their belongings each will be paid either $400 or $750, depending upon the value of the property.
The 6-foot-9 sophomore out of Salisbury (Conn.) School is ranked No. 3 among power forwards in his class by Scout.com and many scouting services have McCullough ranked in the top 10 nationally in the Class of 2014. He plans on cutting his list to five or six after the July live evaluation period.
After being summoned from the bullpen and retiring the Texas Rangers in the top of the 11th, maintaining a 9-9 tie, Westbrook entered the Cardinals' dugout, set his glove down and heard manager Tony La Russa, who had run out of position players, tell Westbrook he was hitting fifth in the bottom of the 11th.
"Coach told us (Sunday) there's only one way to play football and that's how we play right now. Anything less, you get hurt,'' said safety Joe Lefeged. "We have to play the game like Eric would play, play as hard as he did.''
That's what makes Saturday night's game especially significant for Atlanta.
The board called in the Highway Patrol to investigate a claim that Smith had summoned then-Chief Ron Henderson to the scene of an alleged domestic violence incident at his home in 1999.
"This is how you prepare a trust if you want to cut corners or commit fraud," Cohen told the Free Press.
Sort of "Billy Elliot," without the drama.
Cunningham, too, has a good feeling going into the fight.
FORT WORTH, Texas -- Greg Biffle regained the lead when he charged under Jimmie Johnson with 30 laps left Saturday night, then pulled away to end his 49-race winless streak while giving team owner Jack Roush another NASCAR Sprint Cup victory in Texas.
When the chemicals are mixed together, they form a boiling, stinky mixture of benzoquinone that the beetle can aim at any potential predator, firing pulses of the hot poison at a rate of 300 per second. "It's a revolvable gun emplacement, so the beetle can fire accurately in any direction," he later said. "And considering that they generate their own ammunition and store everything that's needed to make that ammunition, they're pretty self-contained."
The NJEA, however, does not directly fund candidates, but aims to get school budgets passed, according to the ELEC report.
At year's end, five loans totaling more than $13.4 million had gone delinquent. Two borrowers of another five loans totaling $8.2 million persuaded the state to lower their payments because they are "experiencing financial challenges." Together, the 10 loans amount to 10.4 percent of SELP's portfolio.
In return, the BLM would get the 557-acre Sutey Ranch near the Red Hill Special Recreation Area, 117 acres along Prince Creek Road that are popular with mountain bikers, plus $1.1 million.
The growth has been even more dramatic at Columbus State Community College. The number of students age 50 and older increased more than 81 percent, to 1,506 students, between fall 2007 and fall last year. That age group is the fastest growing population at the school.
Republican insiders go further, saying that it's hard to see Romney reaching the 270 electoral votes needed without the 13 that Virginia provides.
That's how it works with the Bears, who offer up a united front to spread the blame around so it doesn't stick to any one person. They're all in this together. How very convenient for job-status purposes.
Cutie, born in Puerto Rico to Cuban parents, is not a typical priest. He writes a column about relationships for El Nuevo Herald, a Spanish-language newspaper in Miami. He works out. He likes disco.
As long as Missourians refuse to fund our schools adequately, yet force schools to provide access to education that no other society does, we have acquiesced our right to criticize our public schools.
"Pets fill a home with love and affection. You can be having the worst possible day, but then you come home and your dog is just so excited to see you. How can that not brighten your day?" Krueger asks.
The legislation was stopped Wednesday -- but barely. To pass, the amendment needed 60 votes; only 54 senators voted for it. Still, it's alarming that a majority of senators were prepared to back the banks against consumers, and it doesn't bode well for the future. Banks are already warning that they will raise other fees, such as those for checking accounts, to make up for the lost income. And it's not looking as if we can count on our elected officials to keep them honest.
In the Christmas spirit, NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell's gift is a better conscience so that he can save these former gladiators who have broken-down bodies, minds and lives. Since the NFL inhales $9 billion annually in revenue, Goodell should direct at least $250 million more a year to rescue these ex-players. After all, today's NFL money machine was built primarily on its players' brawn and the abuse of their brains.
The statements were the first official comments by either government on Chen's case since his supporters said last Friday that he had escaped 20 months of house arrest and gone into U.S. government protection.
With Carolina point guard Kendall Marshall's availability unknown, following Monday's surgery on his broken wrist, OU coach John Groce and his guard-heavy Bobcats have to be given a puncher's chance.
Consumer-discretionary stocks led Friday's gains. Amazon soared $30.86, or 16%, to $226.85, after the online retailer reported first-quarter revenue jumped 34%. Expedia
The other main reason for the low stock price appears to be that Apple has grown so big, so fast. Investors and analysts have refused to believe that a company of that size can grow at an annual rate of 73 percent, like it did in the latest quarter.
Well, dont talk on the phone, dont talk on the phone, Dimora told Russo in a conversation on May 24, 2008.
Favorite musician: Lady Antebellum
She sure did.
Ron Leaf, a founder of the company, says the therapy transforms lives, but he would never call it a cure. "I have not a clue what we're doing from a neurological perspective," he said.
Under pressure from Christie, Czaplicki, the director of the Jersey City's Department of Housing, Economic Development and Commerce, resigned as a PVSC commissioner last week.
Think about that. Its bad enough to have an opponent own you, year after year after year. Its much worse to see that unfinished business go on for eternity, like a poker player not just leaving the table with all the chips, but heading straight for the airport and changing his phone number.
"I think this says a lot about our conference honestly," he said. "We've got some really good teams in our conference that are as good as just about anybody in the nation."
His evolution, then, underscores the complexity of the Mets current challenge: Developing major-league starters through the farm system. On diamonds from Savannah to Binghamton to Buffalo, this is the goal.
Freese has hit safely in all seven starts he has made this year, averaging .406 while also leading the club in runs batted in with 11 and being tied for the home run lead at three.
He almost got a standing ovation before he walked out. I normally dont listen to those speeches. But as he got going, I picked my head up and started listening to him. At the end, he basically told us he was speaking on behalf of the entire coaching staff. That there was a tremendous love to coach us, because of what weve been through, how our backs were against the wall, and how man to man we stood up  how we fought that adversity and never wavered and believed in each other and believed in him.
A: Households with taxable income of $250,000 or more and single filers with taxable incomes above $125,000.
STRONGSVILLE, Ohio - The median price for single-family homes in Strongsville was $173,500 through August of this year.
"When you watch him on tape, you watch Albion, they don't challenge very much, so it's sort of a projection and a developmental project. But we really like this guy's skill level."
"We are absolutely concerned. If it continues to be dry, we're going to see more bears," Colorado Parks and Wildlife spokeswoman Jennifer Churchill said.
Also noticeable this year are more classroom space and improved facilities. A three-story, 14-room classroom addition will be opened at Fort Zumwalt West High School, 1215 Turtle Creek Drive in O'Fallon.
Thanks again to everyone who worked so hard or donated items to this event. Due to your efforts, there are some very happy Geauga County dogs out there.
Hyatt stranded Harper at third following his two-out triple in the third inning, then breezed through a six-pitch fourth. He ended his night by striking out Harper again to end the fifth with two runners on.
About an hour later, dinner was bubbling in the oven and I was folding laundry when I noticed my husband's note on a pillow. I called my grandson into the room to show him Grandpa's scratchy prose, and then read aloud the funny greeting.
She graduated in 2007 from the University of Cincinnati with a degree in industrial design. She moved to Portland, Ore., after college and in January moved to Salt Lake City, where she was doing freelance design work.
Where: O'Fallon Sports Park, 3589 Highway K, O'Fallon, Mo.
Morgan asked questions he knew she did not wish to be asked, and although she seldom answered them, he made sure she was always refusing, in the process, in spite of herself, revealing very much indeed. She spoke of her thoughts of suicide while pregnant at 14, and when he asked if she ever wondered how things might have been had her child lived (it did not), she snapped a too-quick "No." But then came a passionate, detailed answer that showed she thinks about it all the time.
Conaway gave Imdad his name.
Quarterback Jared Sanderford and his wealth of offensive weapons went to work on the Merino secondary, notably with junior wideout Mike Moore. The duo hooked up three times on the Eagles' second drive for 41, 36 and, ultimately, a 6-yard touchdown.
The city is ranked 50, dead last on the list.
COMPARING GOALIES
Arion Sb, for Taiwan, Taichung from Longview Berth 6
Stern said the sides discussed a 50-50 split -- "a concept, not an offer," that players didn't accept. The league has backed off demands for a hard cap and a rollback on existing contracts, the commissioner said.
public transit agency, had run off the rails. The agency, long plagued by poor oversight, took on staggering debt in 2006 to construct the Cross-County Extension of the MetroLink light rail line - all without federal aid or a realistic plan to pay the increased operating costs.
"The only thing that can happen if the budget is defeated and the local municipality cuts it more, then weve got more pain to bear," he said. "This is kind of like blaming the patient for being sick."
"The business plan for higher ed, which we have lived with for the last 50 years, will not sustain us for the next 50 years," he said.
"The things were able to do with Tim all throughout the game, all the wildcat stuff were able to utilize with him, all the short yardage we'll build around him, its like were going to be able to be two separate teams now," left guard Matt Slauson told the Newark Star-Ledger. "But as far as I know, Mark is still going to be our guy, and thats the way were all looking at it right now."
Are they armed?
Fulham vs. Sunderland
But consumers' anger is real and is unlikely to dissipate until the economy and the job market improve, experts say.
Every week to 10 days, Kozhov, an Irkutsk State University professor, recorded water temperature and clarity and tracked the plant and animal plankton species as deep as 2,400 feet.
Booker's name has been trending on Twitter as people liken the mayor to some kind of superhero.
By January, when the Vikings play their last game at the Metrodome, it will be the only NFL team without a lease or permanent home.
Ten-year U.S. Treasury notes fell 31 cents per $100 invested. The yield rose to 1.89 percent from 1.83 percent late Wednesday.
"I'd watched their babies grow; talk about tugging at your heartstrings," she said. "I did a lot of soul-searching, asking 'Is this the right thing to do?' But in this retail economy, two stores just didn't make sense."
"I really had no real idea if I'd make the team," Sauerbrunn said from Columbus, Ohio, where the national team is preparing for a friendly match Saturday against Japan. "I thought it could go either way. I had just joined the team about half a year ago. Some have been on for three-plus years. I was fighting an uphill battle to make a roster spot. ... It hasn't really sunk in. I don't think it will sink in until later. I never thought this kind of luck would happen to me."
57) Denver Broncos: Josh Robinson, CB, Central Florida -- Draft's fastest cornerback is an exceptional athlete but unpolished, though learning from one of the game's best in Champ Bailey could be an ideal scenario for both Robinson and the Broncos.
Michael S. Chaney, 41, was sentenced to 54 months, ordered to pay $89,808 in restitution and serve three years of probation upon his release. He had been serving a 100-month sentence from a 2002 conviction for possession of pseudoephedrine with the intent to manufacture methamphetamine and a 63-month sentence for a 2004 conviction of assaulting an inmate.
CLEVELAND -- The Browns will franchise linebacker D'Qwell Jackson if they can't sign him to a multi-year deal, a league source told the Plain Dealer Friday.
There was no admission charge, no bleachers, no concession stand and no game programs. The fieldhouse on the Concordia campus in Clayton is named for the Preachers' longtime coach, the late Eldon "Pete" Pederson. I didn't know Pederson, but I remember him as an imposing figure when I attended Preachers games as a youngster in the late 1950s and early '60s. It was during that era when I was a neighborhood gym rat and got to serve as a ballboy for the St. Louis Hawks during their preseason camp at Concordia.
The flights mark the latest move in BWI's checkered campaign to develop a robust international service. For the past dozen years, many foreign carriers have come and gone after brief stays  Aer Lingus, Mexicana and Icelandair among them  even as the airport's domestic fortunes have soared. The Gov. William Donald Schaefer International Terminal, which opened in 1997 at a cost of $147 million, often appears all but deserted.
Their success made us better off, he said.
Terrence Spivey.
Bradbury, however, indicated an interest in further taxing business. He said the proposed minimum corporate tax in the package should continue to rise based on a company's sales. The measure referred to the ballot caps the tax at $100,000. Currently, corporations with no taxable earnings pay a minimum tax of $10, regardless of size.
"The blood and guts doesn't bother me, but a lot of people don't have the stomach for it," said Will Bluemel, 57, a partner in the Bridgeton-based St. Louis Trauma Services.
Height/weight: 6-2, 175
OK, so now she seemed about ready to ship me to hell - one-way, nonstop express.
For the first time since 2005, there will be three engines in the Indianapolis 500. Lotus will join Chevrolet and Honda. As for drivers, Will Power has the momentum. He has won the past three IndyCar races.
The hotel was recently featured on Groupon Getaways with Expedia, a joining of two megaforces in daily deals and travel that launched in July.
Year after year, only about one-third of the school's students have been able to pass standardized tests. About the same number are reading two grade levels behind.
Phillips said he was happy for the city, particularly considering that the Oilers bolted for Tennessee, leaving Houston without an NFL franchise from 1997 to 2002.
Adjustment to fatherhood has come at a gradual pace, though Watson wishes his first month with adopted son Caleb hadn't flown by so quickly. And therein lies the challenge he'll face with his other new calling.
Mark pulled the papers associated with Brown's and Diaz-Balart's legal funds. Neither was very up-to-date (federal law doesn't require that, either). But they did reveal that each legal fund had received $10,000 from the two groups: The Florida Leadership Alliance and Citizens for Housing and Urban Growth.
At Tek Labs, and later in the consulting business he and his wife run, Cunningham said, he's always been interested in exchanging ideas. Instead of trying to answer a specific computing question, he likes to explore a concept for its own sake --without knowing where it will lead.
A. Workers have been out on the bridge during the week, said Missouri Department of Transportation spokesman Jack Wang. You may not have noticed the crews on the bridge deck or the embankments off to the side, but they were there. Crews were pouring concrete on the bridge deck last week. The span should reopen to traffic in late November.
Princeton is hoping that last Saturday night is the jump-start it has been looking for.
NBC was seeking about $2 million in city and state support for the new facility.
It's more than money; the report found that states typically have an unfocused, scattershot way of distributing what they get.
We were able to raise $19,800 for the capital campaign through the sale of tickets and the silent and live auctions.Thank you, Matt Hurley, for donating your talents for the live auction portion of the evening, giving the end of the event a lively finish.
Supreme Court justices, President Barack Obama, Republican presidential hopeful Mitt Romney, NFL quarterback Tim Tebow and conservative talk-show host Rush Limbaugh all appeared in another skit. Romney (Hugh McKay, Porter Wright) sings the perfect song: "This Magic Mormon" set to "This Magic Moment."
As far as her career goals?
Chandler-based Microchip Technology Inc. said it has agreed to purchase a rival semiconductor maker for about $939 million.
The health groups spearheading the initiative -- the American Cancer Society, the American Heart Association and others -- have raised $2.5 million, $1.5 million from the foundation of cyclist and cancer survivor Lance Armstrong, who is co-heading the effort with former state Senate leader Don Perata, also a cancer survivor.
Raintree's 18th hole is 180 degrees different from such artificial designs. The Uniontown course's closing hole doesn't rely on mounds or sculpted ponds --- a meandering stream provides two possible landing areas for your drive and continues to provide a test of accuracy throughout the hole.
No. Wait 'til next year.
Then please call me about an interesting and lucrative real-estate venture I'm running along with my imprisoned Nigerian partner.
As the meeting wore on late into Wednesday, Sturgeon rose from her seat several times to interject during the meeting. At one point, board Chairman Scott Andrews halted one of Moyer's finance executives from talking further.
FAVORITE HOTELS
Roger Joseph Charette, 59, was earlier convicted in 1984 of attempted sexual assault on a child in Adams County.
Twenty officers leave Hercules' 24,060 residents with 0.83 officers per 1,000 residents, or one for every 1,203 residents. The widely accepted minimum standard is one sworn officer per 1,000 residents, and all the other West Contra Costa cities more than meet it.
Pats K Stephen Gostkowski. Thats a mentally different ballgame if its 3-0 at the half. Not saying the Pats win if he makes that 27-yarder he should hit in his sleep. Just saying the yank left didnt help.
The two young men had been friends since elementary school. They played football together. Taylor had graduated from Reynolds High School in 2006, and Lindsey graduated from Central Catholic High School the same year. Taylor was attending Mt. Hood Community College, and Lindsey was living with him and his family while a college football injury healed.
(Smith and Beechwood) are both aggressive so were looking forward to getting those done, Patton said.
The sophomore finally was helped up and assisted off the field. He wasn't putting weight on his left leg. He didn't return.
Funeral services will be noon Thursday, Dec. 29, 2011, at Waite & Son Funeral Home, 765 N. Court St., Medina, Ohio. Visitation will be 10 a.m. until the service.
Prenzler said he asked State's Attorney Thomas Gibbons, a Democrat, "to take legal action to recoup the county's losses."
Ghosn said Nissan plans to be the No. 1 Asian brand in China, Russia and India. "Overall, it is going to be a good year for the industry," he told reporters, while noting that the soaring yen was a serious worry.
Despite such carnage from "errant gunfire," public health officials know little about it. The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention tracks accidental shootings. But they do not count stray bullets.
And despite the officer's warning, the boy doesn't utter a single naughty word while in Rosenberg's care.
It presented tough choices, too, for Beijing, whose violent crackdown on pro-democracy protesters at Tiananmen Square 23 years ago is the portrait of its human rights behavior retained by much of the world. Chinese leaders still are extremely concerned about internal security and chafe at any foreign criticism of the nation's domestic affairs. But China also has become increasingly conscious of its global image.
No (Expletive)
Watson suffered from heart disease for several years but was still working at age 77. He had a heart attack July 15 during a business trip to New York City and died there July 20.
As far as playing alongside the league's 2010-11 MVP, Howard again couldn't help but let his true colors shine through.
Returning all-state players: Danny Graves, Faith Christian.
In Saturday's Star Tribune, we also learned from hockey writer Michael Russo that the Wild was set to become the lowest-scoring team in the NHL since the 2004-05 lockout. The significance of that is that the NHL, in addition to adding shootouts, declared that it would open up the game with a crackdown on interference and other changes.
Terry Price is Welch's attorney and is seeking to have some of the charges against him dismissed.
Sarkozy and other European leaders want Bush and representatives of presidential candidates, John McCain and Barack Obama, to meet before the end of the year, possibly in New York, and to forge a new vision for the global economy. Sarkozy has floated the idea of reforming rating agencies and even exploring the future of currency systems.
Instructions: Mix the paprika, chili powder, cayenne, sumac (if using) and salt in a small bowl.
The Olympic maxim "Citius, Altius, Fortius" has become known in English as "Swifter, Higher, Stronger." Here are athletes who have been just that in recent days:
The aggrieved writer rightly contends that a 400-word limit allows space for more letters to be published. Fair enough. However, I find many letters on the local editorial page are imported from a sister newspaper. The reality appears to be, not too much, but not enough local text. Perhaps more, not less, local text is needed.
Increasing domestic oil drilling will not solve our energy problems, as Mr. Morici implies. It is also counterproductive to pit one energy source against another  nuclear is better than wind, biofuels are better than solar, etc. To describe alternative energy technologies as "fanciful" is short-sighted. Oil will only be reasonably affordable for another 40 years at most, and if we don't continue to develop alternatives, by 2050 oil dependence itself will be considered "fanciful."
So, if you care to know which of your neighbors donated a piano or how your school's parent teacher group is spreading its donations, here's the list for November:
I think that one 100% has to change. We all have our views. Its a great game. Its good how it is right now. Little tweaks and stuff like that are fine but I dont think major overhauls are necessary.
Any deal, no matter how good, appears to come with a new cost for cash-strapped Glendale.
Adams has named his deputy chief of staff, Warren Jimenez, to replace Miller. Jennifer Yocom, Adams' arts and culture director, will replace Jimenez. Cary Clarke is expected to jump from the arts coordinator to the arts director.
2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves
On Feb. 19, 2011, "YZ" played Baccarat for four hours before being flagged by Borgata security as a self-excluded gambler. They seized $13,228 in chips that YZ had.
Contemporary societies widely accept and accommodate gay and lesbian relationships. Laws within the United States have changed to recognize same-sex civil unions and grant legal rights regarding health care facility visitation, tax rights and health care decision-making. In lieu of attacking advocates of traditional marriage, I urge same-sex couples to embrace the term "civil union." Perhaps this matter can be resolved by enacting a law that declares couples in same-sex civil unions have the appropriate rights and protections granted to those in traditional marriages.
Beginning at about age 4, Makenzie had worn only boys swimming trunks. That's not a problem as a little girl, and it was even OK with Tammy later on if Makenzie was just in the backyard pool with her sisters.
As a Suburban North Conference team, the Panthers earned a berth in the Wickenheiser Cup tournament last season but lost in the first round to MICDS. They finished 7-13-2.
130: First, Zach Binkinz, De Soto, major decision Austin Knight, Cape Notre Dame, 15-6.
(05-10) 16:27 PDT LOS ANGELES, (AP) --
And of himself.
Kaptur said she sees Kucinich becoming a "voice for the public conscience."
just once, during the 2002 Super Bowl.
The magazine also included an essay by Ono recalling her final days with her husband.
"The most important thing at this point in my career is to be in position to win a championship," Jamison said. "It is an opportunity of a lifetime, to play alongside LeBron and Shaq. I've been smiling since I heard the news."
"You've got to know your own body," Mike Buenting, of Minneapolis, who has run 10 marathons, said as he waited for the starting gun. "You have to know how to hydrate and the rest will take care of itself."
Greenwald (D-Camden) said he hopes excess revenue is redirected toward municipal and school aid to help lower property taxes.
After an administrative proceeding, a trade commission judge ruled Dec. 17 that Samsung had infringed two Kodak patents. Within a week, the companies announced they were negotiating an end to their dispute.
USC coach Lane Kiffin is all for that. While he boasts that the Trojans are probably "the most media-friendly school in the world," he laments the position that puts his team in.
"The $2/car fare for the Canby Ferry does not cover the County's $6/car cost of operating the Ferry," the introduction to the survey reads. "It is likely the County will either need to increase fares or shut down the ferry service."
healthcare. He eventually became head of the largest business
CARY, N.C. -- Akron came closer to winning a national championship than at any other point in its 54-year history. So while the disappointment was obvious after losing the Division I final in penalty kicks to Virginia on Sunday, coach Caleb Porter said he comforted his players by reminding them of their accomplishment.
Morale at PNCA is better than before Manley's arrival. But some faculty quietly complain about pay, even though officials say it's increased since Manley started.
The development academy joins the U.S. national soccer team and more than 60 professional and collegiate teams that use the Mental Achievement Program to help coaches and players work through adversity and better understand each players' needs.
NOISE COMPLAINT, PEKIN ROAD: Friends talking after 1 a.m. April 8 bothered a man who called police.
"The preliminary injunction does not dictate the NFL's free agency rules, or any other conduct in general, outside of the lockout," Bye said.
Each guest pays $5. Some proudly grasp crumbled $1 bills; others say a quiet "thank you" when a chaperone -- a parent or caretaker -- reaches into a wallet or purse. And then they're led into a room about the size of a grade-school cafeteria where they start to smile.
For example, The Bible states, "Do you not know that the wicked will not inherit the kingdom of God? Do not be deceived: Neither the sexually immoral nor idolaters nor adulterers nor male prostitutes nor homosexual offenders nor thieves nor the greedy nor drunkards nor slanderers nor swindlers will inherit the kingdom of God." (1 Corinthians 6:9-10)
In the fourth quarter ending Jan. 31, the chain reported a 1.5% year-over-year boost in same-store sales  its second such increase after nine straight tumbles. Executives credited lower prices, more in-store inventory and efforts including layaway programs.
The Phillies had the automatic-transmission offense going for them: clutchless.
Hoosier Lotto: 5-10-17-21-23-28. Tag 6: 2-4-5-2-1-0.
State Capitol
"That wasn't designed," Grossi said. "But we tell the kids, 'If you get a great jump, take it.' "
"In a matter of days, you won't know a stage was there," he said.
Ann Hohenhaus, a veterinarian who has blogged about the need for microchips, said Friday, "I'm actually considering rewriting my blog to talk about Willow and say, 'See, I told you. Here's a perfect example.'"
Other choices include Moroccan-flavored chicken with preserved lemon ($22), with a mild, pleasant flavor; and charred pork tenderloin ($26) enhanced by crisp pork belly and shelling beans. My favorite meat dish was grilled bavette steak ($29) with a bordelaise sauce and duck-fat fries. Slow-roasted beef short ribs ($27) with grilled peaches and horseradish was pleasantly tender but flavorless, and the honey-lacquered duck breast ($32) with plum gastrique and cinnamon-dusted foie gras was marred with harsh bursts of what tasted like coriander.
The program's jewel in the crown, though, is the Alice Statler Library. Established in 1964, the library's impressive collection includes approximately 10,000 cookbooks and other food-related tomes, and hundreds of menus dating back to 1920. And it's all open to the public.
"It's just a tough way for things to end," Hawks forward Patrick Sharp said. "We came on, had a great first period and things were going well. We played a great game. We just weren't able to beat (Smith)."
Removes a proposal that full-time faculty members at state colleges teach an additional course every two years.
Battlin' Bob Battin went out of politics with a bang, too, leaving office in 1976 after being convicted of misusing county staff. He and allies blamed the conviction on partisan politics, and he called then-District Attorney Cecil Hicks"the chief soldier of the Orange County Republican Mafia."
Martin, 17, was shot and killed Feb. 26 in Florida as he was walking in a gated community where he was visiting. George Zimmerman, who has been arrested for the slaying, is a neighborhood watch volunteer.
After decades of lawsuits, damning reports about industry practices, and stop-smoking campaigns, smoking rates have plummeted, from a high of 42% of adults in 1965  a year after the surgeon general's first report on smoking and health  to just over 19% today. Meanwhile, obesity has been soaring since the 1980s and only last year reached a plateau, which experts say may be only temporary. Currently, 45 million American adults are smokers, while 78 million adults and almost 13 million youngsters are counted as obese.
Van Drew also said he was considering that maybe we should even push for FiOS to take care of multiple issues of service and infrastructure at once, though Verizon representatives said on Feb. 14 that FiOS service was off the table for western Cumberland County for the time being, and Verizons current broadband agreements do not require the company to build out FiOS coverage.
As Buffett explains it, the housing market is currently depressed because young Americans have stayed at home rather than going out and setting up their own households.
"They wanted to enjoy the day and celebrate children, and I was asking: What about the children one block away who were being slaughtered?" Michael says.
The coalition has already begun airing radio and television advertisements targeting what it believes is a vulnerability in the initiative: a provision that allows out-of-state organizations to bid on research dollars.
"Today, children are stressed about everything," said Michelle Kelsey Mitchell, yoga instructor and executive director of YoKid, a Virginia-based nonprofit organization that brings yoga to schools for underserved children. "Our kids are overscheduled, they have a full day at school, and oftentimes they have a multitude of activities that they're involved in after school and on the weekends. They don't necessarily get a break, and when they do get a break, it's in front of the TV or it's playing a video game, which isn't a true break for them."
Although it seemed the evening would serve up works by master choreographers, it instead offered sublime ballets by only two genuine choreographic masters -- George Balanchine and Jerome Robbins. Rounding out the program was a fun piece by the companys former artistic director, Todd Bolender, and a work by the famously mediocre, unimaginative dance-maker Peter Martins. (He had a distinguished career as a dancer with the New York City Ballet and now is its ballet master-in-chief, but for most New York critics, having to watch a Martins ballet is a dreaded event.)
At Twin Oaks Valley Ranch (72)
But by the second round, Mitchell got his legs back and turned the fight on Witherspoon, pounding him with body shots. He outlanded Witherspoon 51-11 in power shots in both the second and third round, and scored two knockdowns in the third round before referee Randy Newman stopped the fight at 2:31 of the round as Witherspoon appeared unable to defend himself.
Luebke noticed the tightness in his elbow in the fourth inning of last Friday night's start in San Francisco. Luebke held the Giants to two runs on seven hits over six innings.
An email from a clean-energy activist and former official in President Barack Obama's 2008 campaign said Chu, a Nobel Prize-winning physicist, was a brilliant man but "not perfect" for other critical DOE missions, including creating jobs. The Feb. 25 email from Dan Carol, a former issues adviser in Obama's campaign, was circulated by then-Chief of Staff Peter Rouse and seen by at least 18 White House officials, including senior adviser Valerie Jarrett and then-energy adviser Carol Browner.
Though he trumpets his ability to work with businesses, his success as a developer is mixed. He was the head of a company developing the Emerald Research Park along Cleveland Hopkins International Airport in the late 1990s. The site has a hotel and some offices, but most of the 80 acres are empty.
But in other cases, the state will restore its previous policy of going back only 10 years, Kasich said, "because that is more practical."
Guthridge led the Tar Heels to two Final Fours in three seasons before retiring. Haith took the Hurricanes to one NCAA tournament and four NITs in seven years before heading to Missouri.
The idea caught on and a new industry was born -- the aluminum recycling industry. It has provided -- and still provides -- tens of thousands of well-paid "green" jobs.
"It shocks me," Hamilton said. "The St. Louis theater world has grown so much since then. We have changed, and Stages has changed, too."
No. 541: Sept. 30, 2008, Chicago, Nick Blackburn, Twins. His seventh-inning home run is the game-winner in the AL Central Division first-place tiebreaker game; White Sox win, 1-0.
But to Lande, Gabbert has all the attributes to make the wise decision, and that goes beyond Gabbert's powerful arm, frame (6-foot-5, 235 pounds) and mobility and despite what he said was his need for "a little work" on his technique.
Once among the most powerful political operatives in Chicago, former Streets and Sanitation Commissioner Al Sanchez spent this election season in prison for rigging City Hall hiring.
Despite complaints from constituents about first-class travel, fine dining and luxury hotels at public expense, the Port of San Diego has no plans to amend its policies.
Ellen Dietrich, director of community relations of the Jefferson Franklin Community Action Corp., has seen the uptick in poverty, too.
The Dodd-Frank financial reforms, signed into law last year ostensibly to protect consumers from the excesses of the financial industry, added costly bureaucracy  but Americans are still abused by credit card companies, while banks continue trading and many have doubled their CEOs' salaries. The only things that have really changed are that banks won't lend to small businesses and savers can't earn much interest on CDs.
In 1998, Indianapolis owned the first pick in the NFL Draft. Two quarterbacks were head-and-shoulders above the rest of the college crop in terms of ability and potential. One was Peyton Manning, Archie's son. The other was Ryan Leaf.
Her love and concern for children did not end when she moved here. She talked to Pastor Brian Moore about the fundraiser and he agreed to sponsor the event.
Since that February night in 2004, a little more than halfway through Kalmar's first season as music director, the orchestra has never looked back. In nearly eight seasons, the lean and wiry conductor has replaced imprecision with focus, complacency with alertness, flabbiness with discipline.
Dolce & Gabbana
However, my favorite main course is the dry-aged beef with a dollop of pureed garlic, carrots and purple cabbage, a common vegetable that is an innovative addition to the rich beef.
Rather than offering voters anything new, Republicans and Democrats seem locked into a belief that with just a few more tactical victories, they can convince the half of the country that disagrees with them to go along with the same agenda they have been rejecting for years. It has always seemed ridiculous to suggest that a meaningful third party could emerge to break the deadlock in Washington. But with the prospect of more pointless showdowns like the one we witnessed this week, it might not seem so fanciful for long.
Last year, Illinois and most states signed up early on to participate in developing the standards. Missouri was one of a few states that had yet to join the project last summer until Gov. Jay Nixon announced his commitment to the effort.
Tim Smyczek
U.S. District Judge Sara Lioi spent four hours instructing the seven men and five women about the elements needed to prove the many charges Dimora faces: racketeering, bribery, fraud, conspiracy, obstruction of justice and falsification of tax records.
The couple also has a 5-year-old, who was not present when the shooting took place.
"They're regular guys." says Damon Musha, marketing director at ACME Wine Movers. "Moreover, they're people who are really passionate about the project. It certainly made our lives a lot easier. This is something that's genuine to them, rather than something they're trying to do to make a quick dollar."
Tony Kleem had been cited by the Cuyahoga County Board of Health because former county auditor Frank Russo had been seen smoking at Tony Kleem's Berea restaurant.
"At this point, we do not know what the process will be used for deciding how much money is available or how projects will be selected for funding," Denton said. "As a result, we submitted a cross-section of projects from different departments and tried to estimate the economic impact of the projects to the community."
According to a Rutgers University survey of the unemployed, more than half of the Great Recession victims who have found jobs are making less money. Nearly one-third are making more than 30 percent less.
"Israeli authorities have been changing the landscape with archaeological and tourism projects," Mizrahi said. "The idea is that Israelis will never give this up, by creating facts on the ground."
Specialty cocktails are pricey. The house margarita with Herradura Silver Tequila is $12 and a blood orange cocktail with Grey Goose vodka is $14.
In the Lochner case, a shop owner from Utica, N.Y., challenged a state law after he was fined for working his employees more than 60 hours a week. The Supreme Court ruled for him and struck down the law in a 5-4 decision in April 1905.
That didn't happen, probably because the trees and rocks intrigued him more than the people.
Give them as needed.
8. New York Jets
* St. Louisan Adrian Clayborn ended up in a great spot, Tampa Bay with the 20th pick. The Bucs are on the verge of being something special. Last season their defensive line was torn apart by injuries; 11 different players had 100 snaps on the Tampa Bay D-line. And too many D-linemen played at a subpar level. So Clayborn not only figures to contribute immediately, but he should be an important part of a winning team for many years.
The PSAL team had the advantage of having the ability to practice on Nov. 12, and it helped them learn about their teammates and correlated with their success on the field Sunday.
Readings above 50 indicate expansion in the sector.
A: The toy (sales) shrink tremendously after January, and it becomes more of something where you purchase products for birthdays. We always have great prices at Toys R Us, but the size of the business is just substantially smaller after January. Truly, a day now is like a week or a year at another time for the toy business.
City Councilman Carl DeMaio released a "Rocky"-esque video this week that serves as his first major television spot. In the video, DeMaio walks city streets as the group of people following him grows larger.
"Please do not hold my shortcomings against the defendant when it comes to being a lawyer," he said sheepishly at one point. "The law is a funny thing people  it really is."
Colleges are raising tuitions and shorting aid programs. Student debt is greater than credit card debt, with Americans owing more than $1 trillion, with new graduates averaging over $25,000. And these students are graduating into the worst job market since the 1930s. Even if they find work, increasing numbers are forced by economic need to live with their parents.
Theyre very busy; be patient, we were advised. We waited 30 minutes by the hostess station. Then we were told to wait outside, assured that our ride would arrive presently. After an hour, the staff began to trickle out as the restaurant closed. They said theyd be along soon, our departing hostess promised.
As OSU safety Anthony Watkins put it, it was pretty scary (seeing the tight end so open). Sometimes, you need luck.
Still, she said, there is always room for her to adopt new strategies in helping women who are uncomfortable talking about breast cancer.
Kenny Yuko
Womack reconsidered when he got his first royalty check.
The kitchen has been outfitted for catering and incorporates reclaimed wood in the backsplash and center work island. The dining room features rustic wood planks as paneling, providing stark contrast to pink frills that accentuate the room. The upstairs master bedroom has a sea motif and a palette of blues. Another room features a humorous take on the famous picture of dogs playing poker.
On an adjusted basis, excluding discontinued operations, the company earned 59 cents per share, which beat analysts' estimate of 57 cents per share, according to Thomson Reuters.
6 tbsp. butter, softened
"For over 25 years we devoted ourselves to peddling a product that never improves, that causes illness and makes people unhappy. When Lucky Strike moved their business elsewhere, I realized here was my chance to be someone who could sleep at night because I know what I'm selling doesn't kill my customers."
Akron's defense, however, displayed big-play capability. Defensive end Shawn Lemon must have been notified that Akron only had 11 sacks last season. He recorded one sack for the Zips for minus-9 yards, and returned a fumble 29 yards. Teammate linebacker Brian Wagner returned an interception 34 yards, forced a fumble and had 12 tackles.
The longer it takes to regain the national capacity to launch people and equipment into space independently, the more troubling the scientific and national security implications become for the United States. It is, frankly, most unwise to have to rely on the good-heartedness and the fiscal reasonableness of Russia. So let's focus our considerable national skills and will on accelerating the journey back into space for a new U.S.-designed rocket and U.S.-manned crew vehicle.
The original version of the show is now on view in London at the Hayward Southbank Centre. To create its own version, the Wexner had to obtain DVD copies of all the films and videos and find replacements for hundreds of Warhol prints, paintings and photographs that are now on display at the Hayward.
Sweet Pea
"If you provide for your foster kids the way you do for your own kids, you're going to be subsidizing," he said. "There aren't a lot of people who have the resources to do that. It's not that they don't want to. They just can't."
I go to public school, meaning my education is supposedly free. But I understand that my parents and I need to occasionally kick in some money for supplies. My school isn't exactly rich, but the cost of getting into a good college is getting to be a bit much. Senior year is supposedly more expensive, and then after that, there's college to pay for.
(R) Fox (107 min.)
"We almost got too good a restart because I got such a good run on Brad, I almost got there too quick," Stewart said. "If we'd have got there a foot earlier, we'd have had to check up and probably wouldn't get a run and get underneath him like that."
"While the council's action is a positive step, there's no doubt that much work remains. The magnitude of the city's financial challenges means that many difficult decisions lie ahead. We must build on this spirit of cooperation and be willing to act in the city's long-term interests," Snyder's statement said.
He imagined Frank Ray Walker and Harry E. Weeks, the famous architect team, making their name by building some of Cleveland's greatest buildings: Severance Hall, Cleveland's Main Library downtown, the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland.
WASHINGTON -- U.S. employers pulled back on hiring in April for the second straight month, evidence of an economy still growing only sluggishly. The unemployment rate dipped, but only because more people gave up looking for work.
At Brady's house on Inbrook in Plymouth Township Fitzgerald, the store manager, and his staff trimmed bushes, pulled all the weeks in the front yard, cleaned out flower beds and spread mulch.
Austin Jackson, cf
He's not impressed by the Auburn market, though.
Congregation member Lori Samimson has been actively involved in the recently-merged synagogue for decades, and said that its the leaderships focus on educating students about the Jewish traditions that really stands out.
With three-quarters of the 206 billion voting in favor, Greece has more than 150 billion in "yes" votes.
In an October 2011 meeting, the board asked staff to look into longer contracts. The yearly contracts leave the county vulnerable, Nelson said, for the unfunded pension liability if a city decided to walk away.
The congregation rose in a standing ovation.
Stephon Gilmore, South Carolina, CB
Corn Maze Sherwood: Challenging maze for families, and a kiddie hay maze and pyramids. Also shop for produce and baked goods. 10 a.m.-10 p.m. Fri-Sat, 10 a.m.-6 p.m. Sun, through Nov. 1. Grahams Ferry Farm, 26940 Grahams Ferry Road, Sherwood; $5; www.cornopolis.com or 503-522-4659
The tournament will be held on Friday, May 25, starting at 10:30 a.m., at Tamaques Park in Westfield. All Westfield Public Schools are closed this day. In the event of rain, the tournament will be held on Saturday, May 26. The cost is a $15 donation per player. All profits will go directly to Sr. Pats Camp. Throughout the event, food and drinks from local stores will be available for sale.
The poll found Obama continuing to perform better than Romney among women. Pennsylvania women in particular are "wild" about Obama, supporting him 52 percent to Romney's 35 percent.
For the Democrats sake, I hope no one is putting any money on Sen. Schumers predictions these days, said Brian Walsh, communications director of the National Republican Senatorial Committee.
But while some observers said the revised legislation will attract foreign buyers, the investment environment still is far from ideal. Turkey's real-estate market is difficult to crack because it is illiquid, characterized by fragmented ownership and a lack of institutional assets, said property-services company Jones Lang LaSalle.
Other arena and grandstand events during the week will include a tractor and truck pull and demolition derbies for lawn mowers, cars and combines. Bands will perform from 8 p.m. until midnight Monday through Friday at the main stage pavilion. There will be free pony rides for children from 3 to 8 p.m. each day.
The inspector general almost seemed overwhelmed by his findings.
Even so, for the financial improvement airlines have seen to be sustainable, revenue needs to keep rising  either through higher fares, more fees or both  and airlines need to better position themselves in case fuel prices spike even higher.
Combs also believes Texas should invest in desalinization, an expensive but quicker alternative to building new reservoirs. Cities, she said, must create more consistent plans for dealing with drought and offer financial incentives to help farmers.
Strickland's new consulting firm will have offices in Columbus and Washington, D.C. and will focus on business clients and political and advocacy campaigns. The former governor says the mission behind Midwest Gateway Partners is to help spur economic development and job creation in the region and not for political purposes.
300 block of South Gordon Way, 4:41 p.m.: Grand theft was reported.
Like was transferred to the custody of the Jefferson County Sheriff's Office and held on $250,000 bond.
But others suggested more innocent explanations.
St. Louis first levied an earnings tax - 0.25 percent - in 1946. Officials wanted to give city workers pay increases and pensions, and also start collecting trash - and they needed money to do so. Also, rats were a problem in the city. At the same time, the city worried about residents and businesses moving to newly developed land in the county.
DETROIT -- Chrysler says its U.S. sales rose 20 percent last month on strong demand for Jeep and Chrysler brand cars and trucks.
"If Mr. Thompson embellished his academic credentials we think that it 1) undermines his credibility as a technology expert and 2) reflects poorly on the character of the CEO who has been tasked with leading Yahoo at this critical juncture," Loeb wrote in a letter to Yahoo's board on Thursday. "Now more than ever Yahoo investors need a trustworthy CEO."
"What to Expect When You're Expecting": The lives of five couples are turned upside down by the challenges of impending parenthood. With Cameron Diaz, Jennifer Lopez, Elizabeth Banks, Chace Crawford and Matthew Morrison. Rated PG-13 for crude and sexual content, language and mature themes.
207 Ambridge Ct #201, $178,000
Luna flew back to her residence in Orlando, Fla., and called police in Houston about four weeks later. She e-mailed pictures of bruises on her legs and upper body and also copies of plane tickets to and from Houston. She had been in a relationship with Hill for about two years.
He had an RBI triple in the fifth off reliever Esmil Rogers.
Each of us wore 45 pounds of body armor and wielded a pistol in a two-fisted grip. We moved quickly but not hurriedly into the foyer.
"We ourselves can arrest him because we have more than 100 reasons to arrest and judge him right here (in Goma), and if not here, then in Kinshasa or elsewhere in our country," Kabila said in the Swahili language.
Nonselective products will zap any plant they contact. So if you use a product like Roundup  or one of the newer horticultural vinegars  you need to know that they will affect both the dandelion and the lawn.
Leon Machiz, then-chairman and CEO, spearheaded Avnet's ascent on the global stage, overseeing 23 acquisitions in the 1990s before retiring in 1998. Current chairman and CEO Roy Vallee was chief operating officer under Machiz and has been instrumental in continuing the company's worldwide reach.
Helping addicted mothers could help prevent children from entering the foster system, the couple decided. They quickly found their niche: Many mothers are reluctant to enter residential recovery programs unless their kids come with them, but few residential programs include children. They wanted to accommodate both.
"The system has been mismanaged," Polensek said. "They're asking people to pay more for their inability to collect (revenues) and their inability to manage. That dog don't hunt with me."
Tokaji said a lawsuit could be filed in an attempt to stop FitzGerald from sending out the ballot applications.
Mizzou, Oklahoma, Texas A&M and Texas Tech have new coaches.
Lynch said the federal Drug Enforcement Administration will be able to track shipments to the area and can pursue leads outside of Massachusetts to stem the flow of drugs into South Boston.
Police say Rodgers admitted being there and being armed with a revolver. On March 18, prosecutors charged him with second-degree murder, five counts of armed criminal action and four counts of first-degree robbery.
"The goal of the partnership is to be collaborative," Gillespie says. "We don't just come in and say, 'This is what we're doing.' The students get real familiarity with the orchestra, with the musicians, with Powell Hall itself."
Union rep Johnnie Rudolph can't wait to launch a catering business, featuring barbecued chicken and ribs. He's gotten some training through the Neighborhood Development Corp. in St. Paul, and he'll eventually sign up for state dislocated worker services to get more training.
"We've already contacted a number of doctors with requests for records," he said.
"To this day when I go home (to Arizona), I feel sick about the incident. Number one, the wrong guy got hit. It should have been one of the other jerks if it was to happen at all."
Paying for tree trimming
"He is only interested in women who are uninhibited and uncomplicated," Bower said. "He is not interested in relationships. He's a schoolboy."
Russell, the state assets manager, believes it was a bargain.
The agedashi tofu  tofu that is battered and deep-fried  was one of the few letdowns. The cubes of tofu were on the large side  and about as exciting as plain toast. They were not cooked all the way through, and they could have been marinated in something to give them a hint of flavor.
Little Miss Berry, on the other hand, not so much. She chose to sang "Don't Rain on My Parade" from her favorite musical, "Funny Girl." But she chokes, not once, but twice. After her second chance, Carmen ended the audition. Oh em gee!!!
Too bad Yoo isn't still around. Would have been a great question for him.
"Growing up on a farm like that keeps you grounded for the rest of your life," she says.
Cox said she hung up with the dispatcher after the police officer arrived, then made more calls.
"It's hard to see how they will replace the energy," said Anne Lauvergeon, chief executive officer of French state-owned Areva SA, the world's biggest maker of nuclear equipment, said. "I'm not sure there is enough Polish coal, and it creates carbon problems. Alternative energy sources are intermittent sources. I think they will do what Austria did in its time: import nuclear electricity from neighboring countries."
Chancellor Merryl Tisch, Commissioner David Steiner and Deputy Commissioner John King now have the distinction of sitting by in craven silence while their political masters made New York the only state that raced to the bottom rather than the top.
My bus driver told me that if a driver calls in sick or is on vacation, they do not bring someone in to cover for that driver.
Place in a preheated 350 oven and bake for 1 hour.
Off the field, the Rutgers football program annually ranked among the national academic leaders and Schiano was the driving force behind a $102 million expansion to High Point Solutions Stadium that included 11,000 additional seats.
Dairsow serves as executive assistant pastor of Redeeming Life Full Gospel Ministries and is a member of the National Congress of Black Women. She is also the pastor and founder of Divine Abundance International (DAI), a nondenominational, nonprofit organization that provides the community with free food, clothing, back-to-school bookbag giveaways, seminars and other events.
Information on the website wiki.ctsd.k12.nj.us, published by the Clinton Township School District, shows that the district will receive about $11,650 from the state for each school choice student.
Chester Bennington (vocals)
During the meeting, Phillips said he was unwilling to relinquish the road. However, the commissioners hold the purse strings and can ultimately control funding for the project.
Jesus simply responds, "I do choose. Be made clean." And a broken man is made whole.
"The last time Pete Stark ran for office in a competitive race, they phone-banked with rotary phones," said Paul Mitchell, president of Redistricting Partners, a Sacramento political consulting firm. "He hasn't run a campaign since before 'The Candidate' was a movie," in 1972.
Add to that cash-strapped law enforcement agencies swamped with pressing public safety concerns and you've got an environment ripe for dispensaries.
Another concern is that with the department belts drawn tight, if equipment needs to be replaced, from the 21-year-old fire truck to breathing apparatus equipment, the department must rely on whats available in the budget.
It was exactly the reaction for which Principal Patrick Galatowitsch had hoped.
Three-year pct. growth, revenue: 11,474 percent, $131.4 million.
Representing New Orleans
"Im not arguing when the governor says, I got beaten up by all these groups. But you knew who was beating him up," Sweeney said.
Congress and the White House have considered dozens of bills over the past few years to address cybersecurity, chiefly how countries such as China and Russia are using the Web to access confidential information from companies and U.S. agencies.
Blackford's father-in-law, a retired Olivette fire chief, and a pair of players from the opposing team used CPR on Blackford. All three live in Overland.
The timing of the Cafe Hon's participation in the Habitat for Humanity's Women Build project, on the weekend it was being filmed for a "Kitchen Nightmares" episode, struck some observers as too coincidental. Surely, naysayers wondered (or came right out and said), the rehab shift was orchestrated by the producers of "Kitchen Nightmares," who would come down to film the Cafe Hon crew on the job site.
Chens older brother, Chen Guangfu, is still missing, he said. Rights activists say the brother was detained last week.
"The more the better," she said. "I am super excited."
Twenty-three percent of compact car buyers were born after 1980, making Austin -- the home of the University of Texas -- a logical choice, Cox said.
"Everybody likes the round numbers," Konerko said. "When it comes to that kind of stuff, I think when I'm done playing and look back, that's when it might hit home more. But when you're in the middle of the grind and you're grinding every day and working, you tend not to think about that stuff, and you probably shouldn't."
They found one bullet had entered through a bedroom window and imbedded itself in a wall on the far side of the room, Iles said.
Captain Shane Doan scored in the first period, Mike Smith made 25 saves and the visiting Phoenix Coyotes beat the Nashville Predators 1-0 on Friday night to grab a 3-1 lead in the Western Conference semifinal series.
Syria is a strategically important country. This gives added urgency to the crisis: What happens in Syria will affect the security of Israel, the regional strength of Iran, the future of the Arab Spring. Syria is not a significant oil producer by Middle East standards, yet its civil war is in many ways more significant for the world than the one we entered in Libya.
Det. Richard Durst, Cleveland Police Department. He is a detective in the sex crimes unit. He talked about how he received information about an alleged rape by Sowell. He talked about his discussion with city prosecutors and later with county prosecutors who issued a warrant. He described how they found the first bodies inside the home and said Sowell had not been there.
By Joe Zedalis
The explosion of two bomb-laden vehicles left wide craters, and images broadcast by Al Dounia, a TV channel aligned with the government, showed charred corpses and burned cars. The blasts took place shortly before 8 a.m., and the majority of the victims appeared to be civilians on their way to work or school.
"The smallest bit of research will show you that your decision is unsound. Please reconsider."
These were only a few of the comments overheard at the library meetings held last week. Over 60 participants rotated through three stations in order to offer their ideas and opinions about various library designs and elements presented by Group 4 Architecture.
provided it. His initial solo passage was a touch messy, but otherwise he was technically astounding in a hugely challenging work, his fingers a blur in the fast passages. Hough's energy never flagged, and neither did his commitment.
Kwei-Armah recalls standing in line on a cold January day in New York in 2011 and snapping up tickets for the first preview of the intriguing titled drama "The Whipping Man" by an unknown playwright named Matthew Lopez.
"The system we have is one of checks and balances," Colona said. "(Slay's proposal) would do away with state oversight."
CBS claims the show copies the formula used for its hit series "Big Brother," and that ABC has hired 19 of the show's former staffers to help make "Glass House."
Similar cell tower disputes have arisen in West Windsor, Lawrence, Hopewell Township and Montgomery in past years. Liberty Towers and Karalis Enterprises are seeking floodplain relief, preliminary site plan approval and a use variance from the zoning board.
In recent months, markets have been lifted by signs of improvement in the U.S. economy. U.S. stock indexes have been trading at their highest levels since before the collapse of the Lehman Brothers investment bank in 2008.
Get your agent on the line. If you'd never strapped on skates, what would you be doing now?
Levison said that is not a slam against Superintendent Carole Smith, who never taught in a public school classroom. Instead, Levison said, other top administrators under Smith seem to mistrust teachers' judgment and knowledge rather than view them as trusted professionals.
Nothing is inherently wrong with campaign-style rhetoric from the White House; George W. Bush used it repeatedly to pass his tax cuts and in his attempt at a Social Security overhaul. The pity is that Obama doesn't use his unrivaled political skill to sell a tax plan of more consequence -- and less gimmickry.
In Ohio, the head of a conservative group that approved such an amendment in 2004, predicted a backlash that would hurt Obama.
According Eachus, there were plans in earlier years to upgrade the structure.
He urged his followers to "resist the temptation of a superficial and routine faith."
The case grew out of a challenge by the family of Jui Yung "Jimmy" Liu and his wife, Elizabeth Liu, who wanted a jury to be allowed to consider 225 feet of dry sand as part of their land when determining the value of their property for condemnation proceedings.
And on this day, Florence's Huskies performed flawlessly against the Wolverines.
Kassovitz, who was in his 20s when he made "La Haine," said he understood the anger of the young rioters who looted and set fire to shops in London and other cities, and felt they should not simply be called criminals.
Before the start of the 2011 season, Giants quarterbacks coach Mike Sullivan's departure after the campaign wouldn't have come as much of a surprise. In Sullivan's first season as quarterbacks coach in 2010, Eli Manning threw a league-worst 25 interceptions, regressing after a few years' worth of improvement. Some of the blame was targeted at Sullivan, who had been the Giants wide receivers coach the previous six seasons.
"They like to party at this hour  they work all day, party all night, then go back to work in the morning," said the head of security as he walked across the dance floor on a recent Saturday night. A massive man in his 30s, he stood out in the crowd and, like most employees at the club, would not give his name for print.
The television series of the same name ran on HBO from 1998 to 2004, and featured the exploits, conversations and challenges of four women living in New York. It starred Sarah Jessica Parker, Kim Cattrall, Kristin Davis and Cynthia Nixon.
Unlike his predecessor, Guerra was affable and approachable, a beefy man with a gray-flecked mustache who rarely carried a gun. He and his wife were regulars at the peach-brick Catholic church in tiny Rio Grande City. When the city needed a favor, the mayor said, "I could always just pick up the phone and call Rey." The county judge, a close friend, said, "You couldn't ask for a better person."
The Flyers were three goals up and minutes away from eliminating the Penguins last Sunday when, instead of a congratulatory chant of something like, Lets go Flyers, the crowd chanted an obscenity toward Sidney Crosby.
When they come to us, we handle it as sensitively as we can and as confidentially as we can, McClary said. I know that it is difficult for somebody who has a lot of pride. I would rather have them ask for programs that are available to them than to have them lose their homes.
"You can be an Arsenal fan and a Rams fan," he said. "It's not either/or. We've positioned ourselves as an additive."
A friend suggested the next to the last line should be "and we all eat each other," but that would upset the balance of the universe and Joaquin Phoenix. Did you know he's a vegan and a member of PETA, and he narrated an anti-animal-abuse documentary called "Earthlings" in 2005? At the time, Joaquin said, "Of all the films I have ever made, this is the one that gets people talking the most." That was of course before he made "I'm Still Here" which was about him becoming a rap star, but it turned out to be a dumb hoax and people talked about that instead of his worthy animal cause and have since moved on and are now talking about other stuff like the holograph Tupac Shakur, which may go on tour with Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg.
Because of its smart design, the garden typically requires little watering, Benedict said. But to her, it's more than just a workhorse.
And I love that next time we can arrive by train, stroll a block to the Sanitarium, then stroll six more blocks to the market. Or maybe we'll skip. It's that kind of town.
Jimmie Johnson was third for Hendrick Motorsports, which has failed in 14 tries to win the team's milestone 200th race.
Shocking? Maybe. But eventually, scouting and style of play catch up with everyone in the NBA, and coach Monty Williams and the Hornets got the game to their preferred snail-like pace, and Lin had to contend with a bigger point guard in the 6-foot-6 Greivis Vasquez, who had 15 points and 11 assists. Also, despite having the worst record in the West, the Hornets are starting to play well -- the win was their third in three games.
"I am in the gym every single day after practice is over," Warncke said. "I'm out there working on my shot and just making sure that I am improving. I don't want any part of that sophomore slump. You have to work hard to make sure that doesn't happen."
And whichever sticky sweetener you use, here's a hint: Coat your measuring cup first with nonstick cooking spray. The honey or corn syrup will slide right out.
"I said, 'What have you heard today?" Bill Elliott, Brian's dad, recalled.
Battle's activity as a choreographer has been on hold since he closed down Battleworks and took up the reins of the thriving Ailey organization, which has a busy dance school and modern facilities in the Joan Weill Center for Dance on Manhattan's West 55th Street.
"The ATP granted this permission for one year with the understanding that it will be reviewed following the event, of course taking into account feedback from players," the ATP said in the statement. "We believe it is a good thing that our tournaments are trying to be innovative."
I set myself up to really have to do something at the end because I was so far to the back, she said. I was not thinking about time at all. I was just thinking about place and getting points for our team.
Modern invention, he said, focuses too much on the product and not enough on the process, assuming that all of the work can be done elsewhere.
The drama seemed certain to play out in nail-biting fashion, and it consumed Washington, as Obama canceled planned appearances at two Democratic fundraisers Monday night in Washington. He has barely ventured from the White House all month, and additional fundraising trips have also been canceled or postponed.
Or, does Woods do this if Hank Haney never wrote a book?
Helm, 71, has been fighting a slipped disc in his back. He does not presently have the mobility or endurance to sit at a drum kit for a full concert, but he insists that otherwise, he is in fine health. Helm suffered from throat cancer in the '90s, and the disease, which he has beaten, nearly cost him his voice.
State law requires that sex offenders considered the most serious register their addresses with their county sheriff every 90 days, for life, after release from prison. It's a feel-good law that's simply unenforceable.
"We will be certain to make this a seamless transition to ensure that our retail partners and consumers benefit from the alliance," said Chief Executive Zev Weiss, in a statement. "The decision to change our business model in no way reflects on the hard work or commitment of the affected employees."
That may be so, but employment records for the Golden Gate and Bay bridges have vanished. And though there are plaques on the Golden Gate listing engineers and bridge district officers, a visitor would be hard pressed to find any mention of the laborers who did the work - the people who climbed the towers, drove the rivets, the painters, the ironworkers.
Three local streetwise girls, Chiffon, Crystal and Ronette (Gabriella Isaguirre, Miranda Lawson, Ure Egbuho), form a Greek chorus setting the scene and commenting on the action throughout the story with '60s girl-group harmonies and choreography. Jerald Bolden created the dances and directed the essential puppeteers. Aaron Hitchcock cleverly manipulated the Audrey II; other puppeteers were Tom Block, Javen Crosby, Dafydd Wynn and Garrick Sigl.
Food science
His disclosure in a Vanity Fair article by his family's lawyer, John D. O'Connor, provoked a national debate: Was he a hero who should be lauded for sparing the country the strain of further high crimes and misdemeanors by the Nixon White House? Or was he a traitor who betrayed not only his president but his oath of office by disclosing grand jury information and the contents of FBI files?
In keeping with our family thrills theme, weve made season passes more affordable then ever, she said.
"There are many pieces and parts to change in our community. We do need initiatives that can create jobs through business expansion and attraction. At the same time, we know that we need to sustain jobs, innovation and entrepreneurship. An economic agenda is about doing more than one thing at one time."
"I try to cut myself some slack, and I'm getting good at living with the guilt or, better yet, (letting) it go," she says.
"This is the highest honor you can get being a Minnesota Viking," said Doleman, who had 150 1/2 career sacks, fourth-best in NFL history.
She picked the single word "Different" as her slogan, then pulled veterans of Calderon's administration into her campaign after it ran into trouble. At some events, she has been confronted by voters angry about her party's past actionsrun-ins broadcast over and over on TV.
He called for a president "who will confront the unholy alliance between Washington and Wall Street."
A jury voted 6-0 this afternoon to acquit Prieto-Enriquez.
Both credit unions will operate under their current names until June 2011, when account, service and system integration are expected to wrap up.
His decision to talk and the open-ended undetermined duration of the hidden dialogue  one week and counting  are allowed by law. But they're also uncommon for a suspect without a formal plea deal with prosecutors.
(Green, Uniontown and small parts of North Canton, Akron and Clinton)
He joined UBS about two months after graduating, with honors, from the University of Nottingham with a bachelor's degree in e-commerce and digital business, a spokeswoman for the university said. Before that he attended the Ackworth School, a posh Quaker boarding and day school in West Yorkshire, England.
Police found the suspect outside the home bleeding from a chest wound. He is in critical condition at a local hospital.
When Manuel Gonzalez started kindergarten, his mother, Jasmin, told administrators at Elkin Elementary School in Kensington that he'd been diagnosed with a learning disability while in Head Start.
Prosecutors declined to comment on Russo's situation.
"I thought I'd have a different reaction to everything," he said."
Despite having less than a full year of major league experience, Viciedo took it upon himself to recruit fellow Cubans Yoenis Cespedes and Jorge Soler to come to the Sox.
All jokes aside, Saturday will mark the first public display of UO football action since the team's Rose Bowl win over Wisconsin. Much has been written and said about the team since. Now it's time to catch a glimpse of the latest version of the Ducks.
I tweaked the recipe in a few places. After sampling the cookies with and without their chocolate coating, I preferred the latter. The former, while closer in spirit to the Thin Mints ideal, becomes the very definition of overkill, although the coating's semisweet chocolate is a nice foil to the cookie's sharper cocoa bite. The coating was also taking forever to set, so I transferred the coated cookies to the refrigerator, and that did the trick. It also reminded me: Aren't Thin Mints better when swiped from the freezer?
A common pleas judge from 1998 until 2006, Mannen was defeated in the Democratic primary election amid complaints that she was soft on crime.
two innings. Molina's double off the wall to score Berkman was his first hit with a runner in scoring position since Game 2 of this series. Molina went 0-for-3 with runners in scoring position on Thursday night in the 4-2 loss to the Brewers.
Obama said in his weekly radio and Internet address that these foreign policy successes were part of a larger story.
Sproles' TD run capped the only possession of overtime, as San Diego marched down the field after winning the coin toss.
The Nevada legislature last year authorized self-driven cars for the state's roads, the first such law in the United States. That law went into effect on March 1, 2012.
(HGTV) Designed to Sell -- The team spruces up a dated kitchen and replaces clutter. (CC)
You can tell yourself it wasnt supposed to be this way. But Levert refuses to play that game.
The second-year wide receiver missed last week with a concussion, but was in sensational form in boosting Philadelphia (9-4) into the NFC East lead. Jackson has eight touchdowns of 50-plus yards this year, tying the NFL mark.
After the meeting, Daniels called deadly stage collapses at public events a "global problem." He said the state already has moved to toughen its safety standards and could incorporate some of the Alliance's suggestions into its regulations.
Q. Why do so many poor kids suffer from asthma? Is asthma a disease associated with socio-economic level?
===================================================================== Meet Record: * 13.68 1992 Rod Jett Name Year School Finals Wind ===================================================================== Finals
Schuller faced obstacles every step of the way. His biography, "Goliath," written by Penner, paints the picture of Schuller as a David who overcame Goliath  the fear of failure.
Attorneys representing plaintiffs in three of the lawsuits filed motions asking the U.S. District Court in Phoenix to stop the law before it goes into effect and until the court can issue its own ruling.
The firefighters went into the attic and tore a hole in the roof to ventilate it.
"I was impressed when I saw it," Tabitha agreed.
Of course, playing behind Luck throughout their careers thus far, neither owns much game experience. Nunes completed just 1-of-2 passes for seven yards in 2010, and did not even attempt a pass in the 2011 season. Nottingham served as the primary backup in 2011, seeing action in six games while going 5-of-8 for 78 yards and a touchdown.
He also showed me a Jan. 13 letter that Finra regional director Katherine Bayer wrote to his attorney. It said: "Finra is required to make a...recording of every hearing. ...Unfortunately, portions of testimony returned to us by the panel are missing. ...I apologize for this and any perceived miscommunications from the Finra staff about the status of the recordings. ...I understand Mr. Mensack's disappointment with the arbitrator's decision. However, Finra has no authority to reverse the award."
Green-Beckham, who will lead the visiting Hornets (10-1) against Union (11-0) in a Class 4 sectional playoff, proved he was an elite football talent as a freshman at Hillcrest. Then, as a sophomore, he helped the Hornets win the Class 5 basketball championship before winning Class 4 track titles in the 100-meter dash and triple jump in the spring.
Here, a dashing (if aging) dentist, Julian (Caulfield), tells his younger girlfriend, Toni (Jenni Barber), that he's a married father of three to protect his freedom.
Sometimes, after a buildup of creosote and a resulting chimney fire, the clay liner gets so hot it cracks. If that happens, the seal is broken and the liner must be replaced.
Rutland has denied in legal documents that he was negligent. His attorney did not respond to a request for comment.
"The way we have to play as a team makes you rely on each other," Hitchcock said. "We can't do it by ourselves; we can't rely on one guy. Our top scorer (Backes) is our top checker, so it's a different element here. That's why when I say the buy-in is there, the buy-in is because everybody  not out of fear but out of having to trust each other so much  we play the right way. And everybody is on that page and almost afraid to get off. ... That relying on each other kept the stress and the pressure away.
Simona De Silvestro.
He was studying graphic design in Surabaya when he happened to catch a TV interview with a filmmaker who mentioned going to film school. "I didn't know there was such a thing," he says. The next day he was on a plane to Jakarta to try to enroll in one. His first produced short came in 2003. Called "A Very Slow Breakfast," it took a cut at a dysfunctional family and involved coffee, dandruff and a lot of father-son dissonance.
Similar veiled threats and confrontational language laced Ross' court filings for the next decade but he remained seemingly harmless.
Downsizing the project's six interchange rebuilds could reap significant savings. While the crossing is known mostly as a bridge project, interchanges account for $1.94 billion -- nearly half -- of the cost.
Hes back to work, attorney Jerome Ballarotto said last night. The attorney has said Bencivengo will fight the charge.
Statistics: Had 67 receptions, 1,041 yards, 10 touchdowns in three seasons.
They made no changes to the budget itself, hoping to give Cosgrove the time he needs to make his own. He starts June 20.
Leaders have to contend with tight budgets, high unemployment and crumbling roads. Minorities face economic and social disenfranchisement and are being pushed to the outskirts of town.
Open for less than a year now, Mizu Japanese Sushi in Parma has been quietly impressing area residents with its high quality, super-fresh sushi and affordable prices.
Mayor Thomas Perciak presented a proclamation to former Strongsville police officer and council emeritus, Charles Hawk, for his retirement from the Westfield Group at the council meeting April 16.
It was quite an off-season for Justin Verlander.
$725,000, Warrensville/Van Aken Transit Oriented Development, Shaker Heights --Fudge, Brown, Voinovich
Churn among the more lucrative postpaid users, who spend more each month, was 1.18 percent, compared with 1.15 percent in last years fourth quarter.
Such crossovers still occur. In late January, a female orangutan at the Metroparks Zoo received an implanted birth-control device from a Cleveland Clinic physician specializing in women's health issues.
Burke passed the volunteer spirit on to her three sons, Nicholas, 29, Tyler, 21, and Daulton, 15, who also live in Baltimore Highlands, she said.
 No matter what color your hair, apply the chalk to dry hair first. If you have darker hair and the chalk isn't showing up, then dampen the hair before applying.
800-745-3000 and at the Scottrade Center box office.
But that silence constitutes an abdication of the media's role as a voice in shaping public policy. After all, the ultimate purpose of reporter shield laws and the defiant tradition of protecting confidential sources isn't to make writing stories easier for reporters, it's to ensure that publicly significant information comes to light.
Local Yemeni official Abu Bakr bin Farid and the Yemeni Embassy in Washington confirmed al-Quso was killed in Rafd, a remote mountain valley in Shabwa. It is the area where many al-Qaeda leaders are believed to have taken cover, including the U.S.-born cleric Anwar al-Awlaki, who was killed in a U.S. airstrike in Yemen last year.
The city of Bridgeton, New Jersey is a cornucopia of early American remnants, rich Native American history and small town charm. ...We take pride in our community, which is why I, Mayor Albert B. Kelly, (am) seeking anyone with information about the graffiti in Bridgeton City Park, the Rewarder.com page reads.
He adds that Annan's six-point plan to end the violence in Syria "is part of the political solution, and I think it's still worth (it) that we work on it  and we work on its success."
through, I had no idea there were so many choices. Maybe I could try to make Bourbon Marinated Elk Steak? Or how about Reverse Seared Bison Tenderloin Marinated in Coffee Stout? I'm up for the adventure, but perhaps I should practice with some chicken first.
The biggest use by far of EAS today is weather alerts, said Andy Bailey of the National Weather Service office at Pleasant Hill.
CHERRY HILL, N.J. (AP)  A Cherry Hill police officer crashed his patrol car while responding to a report of a burglary in progress.
Consequentially, the amount of litter on Washington roads has increased, Christiansen said, though the department can no longer quantify just how much more litter is on the roads.
But both bills have already gained critics who say they place too much of the burden on the states jobless.
Meanwhile, Chrysler is recalling about 210,000 Jeep Liberty sport utility vehicles originally in Midwestern and Eastern Seaboard states that use road salt during the winter months. Corrosion issues with rear lower control arms could cause a driver to lose control of the SUV.
The extraction process -- called fracking -- had the potential to make landowners rich and to despoil the ground and pollute the water. Some residents feared that the noisy, messy, environmentally destructive fracking might mean "the end of country."
JAY: Hey, David, would you say I'm a much, much better hitter than you?
Sara Errani (1), Italy, def. Alberta Brianti, Italy, 6-4, 6-0.
Days after the crash, sheriff's officials said the department did not have specific policies to address the consequences of a DUI conviction, although there are policies that require personnel to obey the law.
Instead, there's Thomas Drake, a career official of the National Security Agency, who faced 35 years in prison for telling a Baltimore Sun reporter about what The New York Times called "a potential billion-dollar computer boondoggle." At stake was bureaucratic embarrassment, not national security. (The case against Drake collapsed last summer.)
The patient reportedly escaped during the fire, but was apprehended by police.
Caldora said she brought her concerns to the Union County Prosecutors Office and later wrote a letter to the Archdiocese of Newark. In both cases, she said, she explained that while she had not witnessed abuse, she believed Capparelli should be investigated.
The sow was euthanized last fall after DNA evidence linked it to the scene of the second mauling. The sow's cubs were taken to the West Yellowstone Grizzly and Wolf Discovery Center.
The only mass celebrations of U.S. military activities since Sept. 11, 2001, were largely spontaneous: Large crowds gathered in Times Square and outside the White House in April after Osama bin Laden was killed.
TRENTON  Assemblyman Jon Bramnick will fill the late Alex DeCroces shoes as the lower houses minority leader, Republicans announced today.
Individual results: Soik, ED, 17:13; Winkler, VDL, 17:34; Rossi, ED, 17:40, Jaeger, VDL, 17:54; Litteral, CO, 18:06.
During a presentation to Town Council, Vice Mayor Jeff Brown said the group did a "fantastic job" and Councilwoman Dawn Oliphant said, "I want to extend a thanks to all of you, but for all you do for the park year-round."
Several bystanders were able to help hold down Hunter until other officers arrived. McCracken sustained a serious head injury and has been unable to return to work since.
"I think it's kind of a coin flip at this point," said Benjamin Yang, an analyst with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods. "They both are very adamant that their project is going to get built."
The Twins are averaging 4.7 runs over their past 12 games. They are 6-4 when they score at least four runs. They are 0-11 when they don't.
But, he said, "They're not gonna do it out of the goodness of their heart. They want a return. Where does that come from and what are the long-term consequences for the city and its taxpayers?"
New Hudson
Although the assessment focused on the leadership of the LCWR, the findings cited serious doctrinal problems which affect many in consecrated life, according to a Washington Post article.
She said MasterCard was testing its process and found it to be "of very high quality." MasterCard wasn't yet working with any outside company but was "in discussions with all the major players in the industry," she said in August.
Logan Stieber, Monroeville: Four-time Ohio high school state champ; OSU redshirt-freshman; won NCAA championship last month; former World junior medalist.
Bowers declined to comment, as did his attorney.
The groups have argued that Wal-Mart, the largest U.S. private employer with 1.4 million workers, doesn't pay fair wages or provide adequate health care. They have said the company's big-box stores are eyesores that crush small businesses and wreak havoc on traffic and commerce in local communities. They have complained that Wal-Mart hasn't taken responsibility for its impact on the environment. And they have complained that the company buys too many goods overseas.
Bernice decided to call me because she remembered a column I wrote in November 2010 after the voters of California rejected a measure that would have legalized pot in that state. This gives us a chance, I wrote. We can be the first.
The brothers hired professionals to train them on the equipment.
A humongous part.
He spoke shortly after the National Bureau of Economic Research, a private panel of economists that dates the beginnings and ends of recessions, said the downturn that began in December 2007 ended in June 2009. At 18 months, that makes it the longest recession since World War II.
Seriously, Thursday night in downtown Fullerton is like a weekly spring break, only without the beach.
Anyone can get into the building, and you cant distinguish who these kids are, Sulikowski said. They all look alike because they wear what they want. With uniforms, if an intruder does get into the building, you can pick them out on the spot.
We live in a time when educational attainment and economic success are correlated as never before. That is a good thing. It means that for this generation of Americans, what you can achieve will be driven not by who you know, but by what you know.
The couple already had one son, Aidan, 6, and had been trying for another child for a while.
A few building closures were expected to continue through Thursday or longer. In Washington, the National Park Service spotted cracks in the stone at the top of the Washington Monument, forcing closure of the 555-foot-tall structure. The monument will be closed indefinitely for repair.
After audiences in England responded positively to the aching, Carly Simon-like Rewind, she decided to embrace the sophisticated sound of the polyester decade. Songs on Bible Belt evoke Phoebe Snow (the gorgeous Mirror Mirror), Laura Nyro (Fools, lead single Valentino), Carole King (pop-soul Rise Up), and Elton John at his most wistful (Ariel).
Jasarevic's sister, Hatida Salihovic, 47, also of south St. Louis, could not even discuss the past without breaking down. In addition to her brother, Salihovic - who works as a housekeeper at St. Luke's Hospital - lost her husband, Dzemail. His body has never been recovered.
In three games this weekend against the Cubs, Carpenter went 7-for-12 with seven RBIs, the homre and two triples. His second triple of the series was his fourth hit of the game Sunday, and it drove in two runs to set the final score.
The job cuts come on top of a couple of rounds under Hirai's predecessor, Welsh-born Howard Stringer, who remains chairman and was the first foreigner to head Sony.
Warrenton's other two scorers were: Tyler Romaker in 31st and Anthony LaFaver in 39th.
"It is a proud thing to have been born in La Paz, and a cloud of delight hangs over the distant city from the time that it was the great pearl center of the world."
I pay off my balance every month and knew I didn't miss one. I dug out my last month's statement and it showed a balance of $17.36. The new statement showed the payment for that. When I called, they just kept saying I had to make the minimum $25 payment now. I tried to explain that I didn't owe anything until the due date of May 5. Finally, after talking to a supervisor, I realized my payment was for $17.35 - 1 cent less than the $17.36 that was due.
25. Texas State 28-16 3-2 NR
Over the past six years, Longwell made 135 of 157 field goals during the regular season with the Vikings and racked up 633 points -- third most in franchise history behind kicker Fred Cox (1,365) and receiver Cris Carter (670).
Your daughter is 10 and your son is 15. What do you tell them about skin care?
"If you start ripping out the roots, the tree will die. I know Ohio has budget issues. . . .'"
"There are some very hurt feelings in Phoenix," the person said. US Airways Group Inc. is based in Tempe, Ariz., a suburb of Phoenix.
What's ahead: Fairview Park intends to move forward with a reverse policy review.
Tipsarevic next plays Roger Federer, who defeated David Ferrer, 6-4, 6-4.
We hope your wife is following a vegetarian or Mediterranean diet, as there is scientific support that both lower inflammation in the body. If her doc pooh-poohs that, he's probably not going to prescribe antibiotics. A holistic rheumatologist may be more willing to give it a try. To find one, check integrativeholisticdoctors.org, the American Board of Integrative Holistic Medicine.
Those unwanted pounds motivated me to set a goal to get back in shape. Deciding that achieving the weight on my driver's license might be raising the bar a little too high, I opted for returning the extra five. Who couldn't accomplish that?
Now, let's make the connection with George Clooney (stay with me here): I fully believe that if women the world over stopped sleeping outside of marriage with the self-declared "I'm never going to get married again" movie star, he would be quick to wed again.
Philadelphia did so well with modern art because it had collectors and museum trustees who were truly excited about the 20th century. Cleveland, a far more conservative city intellectually and spiritually, never embraced artistic innovation to the same extent.
NEWCOMERS NIGHT & MEET THE CANDIDATES: Lake Saint Louis/Dardenne Prairie Area Chamber of Commerce, 6 p.m. March 14 at the Lake Saint Louis Community Association Club, 100 Cognac Court, Lake Saint Louis. For more information, call 636-755-5335.
Costco member Julie Michener of Minneapolis doesn't mind the increase.
Dr. John L. Marks
Twenty percent of workers say debt is a major issue for them, and 42 percent says it's a minor one.
(7) Denver Christian (13-4) at (2) The Classical Academy (16-1)
But it hasnt dulled her memory.
For traveling parents, that can mean the difference between having to taste the breast milk they want to bring on a flight vs. merely holding the liquid under a test strip.
But amid a growing battle over when the Senate will take up the nominations, Democrats on the committee said the questionnaires raised concerns that needed to be addressed before the hearing.
What Salatin can't do is slaughter his own cows or pigs. So he did the next best thing: purchased with a partner a USDA-inspected abattoir in nearby Harrisonburg, Va. There, 300 to 500 pounds of his pork is butchered and packaged each week for burrito chain Chipotle, which slow-roasts it as carnitas for its Charlottesville location. He's in negotiations to also sell Chipotle his beef.
Gillerman was born in St. Louis as Fay Kandel, living with parents Simon and Bessie, "dirt poor immigrants, one from Russia and the other from Poland." After graduating from the defunct Ben Blewett High School on Enright Avenue, she married Bill Gillerman in 1941.
"For a number of reasons, including without limitation, pending litigation and a pending estate tax audit, the estate is not yet in a condition to be closed," the document said. They listed cash on hand of $90 million.
Oden finished the final season of his rookie contract  playing just 82 games of the four-year deal because of three season-ending knee surgeries  and the Blazers will have a window between the day after the NBA Finals and June 30 to tender an $8.8 million qualifying offer. Assuming they do so, Oden will become a restricted free agent, giving the Blazers the right to match any offer Oden receives from another team.
-- Old Rock House Concerts presents Cowboy Junkies at the Sheldon Concert Hall, 8 p.m. April 18, $30-$35
Even with a deadline to raise the U.S. debt limit less than a week away, many investors still believe Washington will pull off a last-minute deal to avoid a catastrophic default. Washington has until Aug. 2 to raise the country's $14.3 trillion borrowing limit or risk missing a payment on its debt. President Barack Obama and Congressional Republicans have failed to reach an agreement to raise the debt ceiling and pass a larger budget-cutting package. Politicians have tied raising the debt limit and spending cuts together.
Individuals in the higher-income groupindividuals who make over $85,000 a year, or couples earning over $170,000 a yearpay higher Medicare contributions, and paid larger premiums in each of the past three years to make up for the freeze for lower-income recipients. Their premiums will fall next year.
"In my point of view that person should be an elected politician who is willing and capable of making the necessary decisions that will lead the country out of this crisis," he said, adding that despite widespread discontent, most Greeks continued to back the country's membership in the euro.
Peters wants other Civic owners to file suits against Honda in various Small Claims Court jurisdictions across the state, making the automaker fight a multi-front legal battle in which it would be unable to bring its legal forces to bear.
But it is unclear whether the issues associated with aging in men -- decreased sex drive, less energy, cognitive impairment and reduced muscle mass -- are due to a decrease in testosterone or to other changes that come with aging, Gill says. Long-term studies on effectiveness of the therapy are lacking, and the few small, shorter-term trials that exist have produced mixed results.
Kraft Foods Inc., known for brands like Nabisco and Maxwell House, rose after saying its earnings would jump between 9 percent and 11 percent over the next three years thanks to growth in developing markets. Shares rose 53 cents to $31.58 and earlier hit a new high for the year.
I don't know what they did after they returned home. I hope somebody served them hot chocolate. That would have made the memory perfect.
Federal prosecutors say Vas used his office to funnel $350,000 from the citys affordable-housing fund to the contractor, and the mayor and Ramos illegally funneled proceeds from the building sale to his unsuccessful congressional campaign.
-- Jim Boeheim at his most recent postgame news conference.
Builders have generally become more hopeful during that stretch about current sales, sales six months out, and foot traffic, the report shows.
Landbergs take: "Waynes a leader. Hes gotta do his job. Hes gotta be mentally strong in this game like every other game. Hes gotta manage the game. Hell make his plays like he always does. He has to manage the other plays.
And though the activity is typically a recess activity, the kids frequently learn from the content of the videos, which are projected onto a screen at the front of the classroom.
Secaucus Mayor Michael Gonnelli and town Business Administrator David Drumeler, are also on the potential witness list, as is state Assemblyman Vincent Prieto. Seven agents of the FBI could also take the stand. Elwell family members Annette Elwell and Jason Elwell could also appear.
Many civilians have grown critical of the plan, saying it does not protect them from regime forces.
The Ritz Theatre is the first regional theater to present Spamalot. Directed by the theaters artistic producing director, Bruce A. Curless, Angelini didnt know how the Ritz got the rights to the show, but said he believes in the power of their fearless leader.
First things first, though. He still has two seasons to play at Desert Mountain.
"It's much cheaper than disposables, and disposables are full of toxic chemicals," she said. "People are trying to be green."
305 MEADOWLAKE DR $282,500
1 1/2 teaspoons chili flakes
With both her parents and a sister living in Tokyo, the entire family still gathers once or twice a year at the home of her business-executive sister Nori Falconeri on the banks of the Willamette in West Linn.
A slice of the kugel, maybe with an extra bit of mascarpone and a cup of coffee, makes for a pretty great morning timeout for grown-ups too. If you're still sweeping a bit of flour off the floor, maybe pulling a stray noodle from the wall, you might make that a large cup of coffee.
Under the Arizona law, police are required to ask people who are stopped because of a "reasonable suspicion" that they are in the country illegally for documents. The offense would be similar to criminal trespassing, and violators would then be turned over to federal authorities for deportation.
1110 Southgate Avenue, $360,000, 03-13-12, 1,680 SF, 4 BR; 1988:$275,500
Investigators executed a search warrant at Waters' home, where they said they collected his computer, among other things. On his computer, they found Youtube videos detailing how to build a rail gun and how to shoot guns. They also found a note Waters reportedly wrote that vented his frustrations with people in general.
Mr. Woodward is an arts critic in New York.
"A Christmas Carol": Bag&Baggage offers a dramatic treatment of the original novella adapted and directed by Scott Palmer. Continues 7:30 p.m. Wed-Sat, 2 p.m. Sun, through Dec. 23. Venetian Theatre & Bistro, 253 E. Main St., Hillsboro; $14-$27; 503-693-3953
Trooper Allison Pavlosky, 29, of Roxbury earned the marksmanship award, scoring 179 out of 180, and her classmates also selected her for the outstanding recruit award.
Joseph dismissed the notion that he is pursing the initiative because of greed. Rather, he noted, he had to lay off 450 people in 2008 and 2009, and is looking to expand Mercury's market share.
OL: Kyle Jackson, Hammond senior
"That was her objective," Rutherford said, "To have the finest quality product and represent it that way."
Heaney, whose hometown was unavailable, pleaded guilty Monday to third-degree theft before Superior Court Judge N. Peter Conforti, sitting in Newton.
"No filthy language. No bandanas. When guys come in the building, they take out their earrings as a symbolic gesture, as a show of respect to the program," Graham said. "Discipline is born from relationships, not from yelling and screaming, and today I asked for their permission. I said, 'I'm asking for your permission to coach you hard. I'm asking your permission to set the standard.'"
tinyurl.com/4fmebqw or call, 216-475-2225.
Like any full moon, the supermoon will look bigger when it's on or near the horizon rather than higher in the sky, thanks to an optical illusion, Chester noted. The full moon appears on the horizon at sunset. On the East coast, for example, that will be a bit before 8 p.m. Saturday.
Tipoff: Wednesday, 7 p.m., The Q.
Murdoch rejected the suggestion that the communications were "covert" or improper, and insisted that Hunt had acted within strict legal parameters every step of the way regarding News Corp.'s bid for BSkyB.
Does this mean wed get Sea World or just Shamu? Better throw in the zoo.
From Lafayette: Elizabeth Denn, Danielle Lamar, Richard Lu, Brandon Sinanan, Deck Slone, Jessica Zadoks, Paroma Zaman and Jacob Zerr.
Late Monday, the highway patrol said seven people died and at least 16 people were injured after 10 vehicles crashed in the northbound lanes of the highway, the first of two multiple-vehicle pileups along I-75.
"I love downtown and I am not going anywhere," said Chu, a big fan of downtown's art scene, which he incorporates into his restaurant's decor, atmosphere and menu. He said the new restaurant's big kitchen is an improvement that will allow him to create more dishes. For nearly a decade, Chu's restaurant concepts, such as Fate, which was open for five years, and then Sens, helped to breathe new life in Phoenix's downtown.
Government, for its part, couldn't pick a winner in a three-horse race. So it should just stop trying, especially when its efforts continually complicate and distort state and local tax laws.
"There is nothing about the term 'political godfather' that is inherently prejudicial or inflammatory," Rowland wrote in a motion in opposition. "Dimora wielded tremendous political power in the county during the time he solicited and accepted bribes."
I have tried expressing my feelings, but she reminds me that I was the one who "adopted" them in the first place. Any suggestions?
DelVecchio is also reported to have plans to star in a 12-episode spin-off for MTV that will follow his life as a DJ.
"We'll focus mainly on what happened here in Missouri," Stevens said. "Everybody knows about the fighting along the Missouri and Kansas border."
"Nancy was sent with a message from Commander Thompson to give to Pam Bondi,'' Thacker said, "that if there was anything the Navy Veterans could do for her, just to let Thompson know."
In Memphis, Mayor A C Wharton has urged people to be "nosy" and check in on their neighbors during the heat wave. The city has set up four community centers as cooling centers for people without air conditioners, and the Shelby County Community Services Agency was to hand out 300 air conditioners.
Schaefer had made a note of Greene's graduation date and dispatched an aide with a gift: a photo album for the aspiring journalist to preserve his clips.
The letter did not recommend how much weight to place on value-added scores in evaluations, but advocated also incorporating other measures, including peer and administrator observations.
Pearson Callender was waiting in vain for a Greyhound bus before 5 a.m. at the Atlantic City bus terminal. He did not want to wait until later in the day, when one might be available, so he had to shell out extra money for an NJ Transit bus ride back home to Brooklyn, N.Y.
While the rebuilt kitchen is about the same size as the old one, it has four times the countertop space, a long breakfast bar topped with a sanded acrylic panel and plenty of Ikea cabinets. A skylight and new windows draw in plenty of light.
For those more inclined to hit the books before they hit the bar, aspiring distillers can take "business of whiskey-making" classes at the institute, covering big issues such as how to outfit a working distillery, licensing and sales. And of course, how to make a spirited spirit. Classes held in Petaluma. 22752 Bayview Ave., (510) 886-7418, www.distilling.com.
TRENTON  The Delaware River Basin Commission has postponed its vote on fracking in its watershed for the third time, it announced this morning.
"Marvel Avengers: Battle for Earth" will focus on such characters as Captain America, Iron Man, Thor and the Hulk fending off an invasion of genetically altered Skrull aliens. The title will feature more than 20 characters from the Marvel universe and would be based on the "Secret Invasion" comic series, not the recent film.
Funded through bond sales and Federal Emergency Management Agency money, the program has bought out 300 homeowners in the states most susceptible regions in the last few years.
Tom Coughlin likes that, for the simple fact that if executed correctly its a facet of a game that he doesnt have to worry about.
"To get into this building and have a fire of that magnitude, I dont believe it was an accident," he said today during a press conference at a Newark Avenue bar near the fire.
"It didn't increase as rapidly as we anticipated," said Peter Munroe, manager of the Community Services Department's community action program. Munroe says the county was expecting the poverty rate to be closer to 13 percent.
On the Road -- Distance-learning classes for students in classrooms around the world.
Renacci chief-of-staff James Slepian responded to Redfern with the following emailed statement: "Millions of Americans, Democrats, Republicans and Independents alike, are deeply troubled when our nation's flag, its Pledge, or its history is misrepresented. This is not a matter of partisan politics, yet sadly, Chris Redfern has once again resorted to the same dirty, tired, personal attacks that do nothing but bring embarrassment upon himself and further broaden the partisan divide that legislators like Jim Renacci are working tirelessly to bridge."
At his bond hearing, Zimmerman had access to the funds and heard his wife say they had no savings.
Jennifer Lawrence - Winter's Bone
In the prime minister's office, Noriyuki Shikata, deputy cabinet secretary for public affairs, acknowledged that Japan's Reconstruction Agency, launched in February, could have been established earlier. He said Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda is making progress persuading outlying prefectures to accept some of an estimated 25 million tons of tsunami debris for disposal.
"An angel," Brockies 15-year-old daughter, Alice, said of Forlini.
Prosecutors allege that both funneled millions of dollars of profits into lavish homes, luxury goods and payments on behalf of relatives - even as those expenses and customer cancellations were squeezing the company cash flow.
Outside the front door, I confidently informed the large fellow with the clipboard that I was on the guest list. He looked it over and said I was mistaken. I asked him to check again--under "Joe," under "Williams," perhaps under "Cardiff Giant."
It was just before midnight when her body arrived back in Newark, where she was born.
Each balloon represents an unsolicited customer compliment  a case where a caller is so overwhelmed by the level of service they feel compelled to tell a supervisor about it. Balloons are taken down at the beginning of every month, but it doesn't take long before they pop up everywhere again.
 Thomas Bright, 47, of Oaklyn was charged with hindering in an apprehension and served with several warrants from Camden County after being stopped for an alleged motor vehicle violation on Elk Road. Bright allegedly gave local police a false name. He was committed to the Gloucester County Jail in Woodbury.
Lucky.
Schools and towns would have to ask voters for approval to raise taxes above the limit, with a simple majority needed for approval.
One senior European Union diplomat says they have been following political developments in Israel closely but don't feel early elections change their calculus. "We have got a strategy for dealing with Iran and we intend to carry on with that," he said.
That's true, and the inanity goes much further. Many conservatives are predictably pro-life, antiabortion, supportive of troop surges and skeptical of global warming. But what does any of those have to do with another?
Ehh, when its raining I might be a little bit more apt to aim towards the field versus aiming exactly where I want it. Just for the simple fact that its raining and all that; you have to leave yourself a little margin for error when the ball is wet and stuff like that. But I feel very confident in the fact that I got some great athletes and a lot of hungry rookies that have done a great job (in coverage).
Issa has requested that Cunninghams deputy, Assistant US Attorney Michael Morrissey, provide testimony, instead.
Bales has had incidents involving alcohol and violence in the past.
The man was shot and wounded in what investigators say was a murderous robbery scheme that used bogus help-wanted ads to lure victims. He managed to escape, but another job-seeker was later found dead in a shallow grave nearby. And two suspects  a man and a 16-year-old boy  are under arrest.
Originally called "Your Choice for the Oscars," the show forecast winners of the Academy Awards competition.
UO coach Chip Kelly refers to these as "teaching" practices.
Nov. 2008  Budget plan approved, including more than $20 million in reductions. Begins internal review of Patricia "Pat" Pope, the system's chief operating officer, about allegations of bid-rigging in the school construction program.
For her part, Bueler, 29, said she's known Edwards her entire life and that she can only aspire to be as good a leader of the Loop as he has been. She inherited H.S.B. Tobacconist at 6362 Delmar Boulevard from her late father, Bill Bueler, when he died in
"I'll let people make their own assessment of our respective records," Romney said. "But I'm a conservative."
Recalling a sitting governor would be a major feat, something that's happened only twice before in U.S. history.
Although De Albuquerque has no authority to force change, her report and letter carry clout, said Bailey, the Legal Services attorney.
Exposed: The view improved on Avon's Eaton Road.
Alex Margevicius, interim water commissioner for Cleveland, said similar hook-ups could work for other gardens.
At the Target Store in Steelyard Commons shopping center Wednesday, tucked behind the patio furniture and other signs of summer, were brightly colored displays of Crayola Crayons, Barbie backpacks and Spongebob SquarePants lunchbags -- all ready for eager parents and somewhat-less-than-eager schoolchildren.
"I go, 'That's not it.'
BURROUGHS
2. Insert thin bamboo skewers into 12 Peeps and stick into egg cartons.
I want to tell him that a good place to start is for the church to simply be the church. To do the things the church is supposed to do, the holy things, for holy people, on holy ground (to borrow from the trilogy by liturgical scholar Gordon Lathrop). And that's not simply to do the "liturgical" things. We need the church to do the best things that church communities have been doing all along: to serve people in their greatest need, to play a cohesive role in their neighborhoods, to gather and empower people to be who God calls them to be.
Warwick was born into one of New Jerseys leading musical families. Her aunt is Cissy Houston, Whitney Houston was her cousin, and her sister, Dee Dee Warwick, had some hits of her own in the 60s and 70s.
The judge seemed to agree, saying that the public does not want the court to release any information that would "compromise the safe recovery of Kyron Horman."
At Arapahoe County Fairgrounds
Both adults and children will be delighted by the new exhibition The Art of the Brick featuring over 25 awe-inspiring and thought-provoking large-scale sculptures created out of LEGO bricks by artist Nathan Sawaya. While the exhibition is on view, a special area will be set up where visitors, inspired by Sawaya's work, can build their own fantastic LEGO creations.
To quickly spot the difference between the old and new connectors, you can usually just look at the outside jacket. Old connectors will typically have a grey coating, like the one shown above left, a braided stainless steel jacket like the type shown below, or they'll obviously be made of uncoated brass like the one shown far below.
Zygopetalum Orchid
Contemporary artist Renee Richetts will teach a metal-hinged bookmaking workshop from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Nov. 5 at the Foundry Art Centre, 520 N. Main Center in St. Charles.
And when Carter discovers he can take 100-foot leaps because of Mars lower gravity, the effect is more silly than awe-inspiring. Even the digitally enhanced battle sequences are boringly staged compared to those in the Lord of the Rings trilogy.
But too many blows to the head?
The new chief of campus police finds his body on page 6, and more grim discoveries soon follow. But that's not all that goes on in Every Last Secret, the first mystery novel by Kansas Citian Linda Rodriguez.
A quick stop for some live music at the Fontana Bar when we got back, but again we're back in our rooms by 12:30 a.m.
_Withdraw U.S. combat troops from Iraq
On Thursday, Quinn made good on a promise to wring an astonishing $2.7 billion out of the state's $14.2 billion Medicaid program. If the state flinches, Quinn says, the Medicaid system could collapse under a mound of debt.
"To come here and win all three games was great for us," shortstop Jose Reyes said. "We're playing good as a team now. We're playing very good defense. A couple weeks ago we didn't play too good of defense. We just need to learn from the three wins we had here and continue to play together as a team. If we're able to do that, we're going to compete in our division."
Mr. Byrd was a staple of the Charlie Byrd Trio, along with Chuck Redd on drums and vibraphone. Mr. Byrd and Mr. Redd also played in the touring group Great Guitars with Charlie Byrd and jazz guitar virtuosos Barney Kessel, Herb Ellis and Tal Farlow.
Well, not entirely. Anderson says a children's day camp will take over the space next to the Improv showroom, along with a new club called the Upbeat Lounge that will present sketch comedy and dancing in conjunction with radio station Latino Vibe 95.1.
Noorani's sister, who was two houses away at the time of the shooting, said today that was unlikely.
"Hawaii Five-0": McGarrett's sister gets arrested on suspicion of smuggling diamonds. This clearly calls for ... Ed Asner? It sure does, as Asner re-creates a character he played on the original series. Circa-1975 footage from that episode is included. Nostalgia alert! (10 p.m., CBS/6)
In the large living room, a cathedral ceiling brings a sense of grandeur, while a handsome stone fireplace anchors the room.
Bemis, a family-owned business dating to 1858, moved into the plant in 1956. The company, famous for its textile bags and flexible packaging, said it decided to move the plant's operations to Terre Haute, Ind., as a way to improve its efficiency. The plant's closure resulted in the loss of 54 jobs.
Riley already has James and Jacquizz Rodgers, who went to high school near Houston. They're tickled with the idea of playing a meaningful game in their home state. So OSU gets an opportunity to further infiltrate the South.
83,000 feet of duct work
Here are several transition tips to keep those costs in check and to leave extra vacation money for on-site adventure.
Republicans accused Democrats of political posturing since they will not likely be able to secure the two-thirds majority in both houses of the Legislature required to override the veto.
Some people have a talent for saying just the right thing.
Kensington Books, 313 pp., $15
Splitsville: Road Rant keeps hearing about a bad breakup in Lake County.
You can dine in grand style or cheerfully deconstruct the way you're eating. The menu is but an access point, an ever-changing springboard into your own culinary expression. So you can come here on, say, a Monday and grab some fabulous mussels, a Belgian Trappist ale and some good bread with an olive oil deeply redolent of its Sicilian orchard. On Tuesday, perhaps, it's a platter heaped with eggy noodles mingled with powerfully braised lamb and cerignola olives for the whole table, plus varied wines by the glass from a small but smart list. Come back on Friday with three friends and have four courses spread out over a couple of hours, with four bottles of wine.
As for those spectacular, NBA-bounder underclassmen for Washington, well, theyve had better games. Tony Wroten, practically a lock for Pac-12 freshman of the year, finished with 14 points, but shot just 4-of-10 from the field and 6-of-13 from the line. He also had six turnovers. Sophomore Terrence Ross, a Jefferson graduate, shot 4-of-12 on his way to eight points.
"To the extent that you ever give anybody an excuse to be able to twist your words into something that so clearly is not my personality, you did it to yourself," he said. "So you wont hear me use that phrase again."
Whats the difference between a TV detective and an egg?
Researchers at the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington painstakingly collected details for the encyclopedia's more than 2,000 pages from the communities where Germans herded Jews and killed them if they tried to escape.
In the study, the Navy estimates its use of explosives and sonar may unintentionally cause more than 1,600 instances of hearing loss or other injury to marine mammals in one year. The service calculates that its use of explosives may inadvertently cause more than 200 marine mammal deaths a year.
You managed to move a couple of guys holding this team back.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has been warning about Iran's nuclear program for years and calling for decisive world action to stop it. In recent days he charged that current Western sanctions are not enough to deter the Iranians from building nuclear weapons.
6-5, 266, 4.87
Coupled with warmer temperatures and melting snowpack, the outlook for much of the Pacific Northwest is worrisome. Think flooding and landslides easily as destructive as those we saw in December 2007 but shy of the disaster in 1996.
The rout was definitely on, and 40 seconds after the final period started, Carpenter and Jones made 72 yards on consecutive end runs. Dub's was for 42 yards and the touchdown around right end.
"The Republican Party is not leadership. The Republican Party are the 900,000 Republicans in the state," Maes said. "They're going to do their homework. And they're going to vote Republican because that's what they've done for years, and that's the system they trust."
Everywhere the Ducks have questions on defense, it seemed, there were plays being made. The line, which lost three starters, was impressive thanks to Hanna, Jordan, Hart, Heimuli and Wade Keliikipi. The linebackers, looking to replace Spencer Paysinger and Casey Matthews, was extremely active, and the secondary made very few mistakes and got the big play from Patterson, who is making the move from cornerback to safety this spring.
-- Mary E. Forgione and Susan Spano
Some in our government are claiming that U.S.-born anti-American Islamic cleric Anwar al-Awlaki was killed in self defense by a C.I.A.-operated drone; they expect us to buy the nonsense that America, a huge and powerful nation was so terrified of this man's jihadist tongue that it had to take him out as soon as an opportunity presented itself.
"She misses you!" Terry Patrick said.
"As soon as I stood up, a car stopped with two Army guys," he said. "I said, "That horse is gonna go home. Let's follow him!'"
And not just run-of-the-mill crazy, a la George Costanza's parents, but the kind of crazy that makes films like "Silence of the Lambs" and "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" so frightening.
The CEO said it is part of the global strategy for Cadillac to grow the brand around the world with an emphasis on the huge Chinese market where sales of the grand grew 73% last year.
The race will force the city and the Maryland Transit Administration to adjust bus routes that normally run through downtown. The Purple Route of the Charm City Circulator will be split into two shorter routes, one between Penn Station and the Inner Harbor and the other circulating through South Baltimore. The circulator's Orange Route will be moved from Pratt Street to Baltimore Street.
The case against Hubbard centered on three memos directing Beverly Hills staff to put then Beverly Hills human resources official Nora Roque on a salary track that would raise her pay by $20,000 in five years and give then-facilities director Karen Christiansen a $20,000 bonus and raise her car allowance by $350 monthly.
"She wished there was someone to focus on the educational aspect of the orphanage," Alefiyah said. "We thought, Why not raise some money for this cause? We didn't think it would become as big as it did. I had done community service, but a lot of smaller projects. I was inspired by the idea of doing more."
The couple, who have no children, have some immediate plans once they get the real check in a few weeks.
Where: International Exposition Center, 6200 Riverside Drive, Cleveland, near Cleveland Hopkins International Airport.
Kochanowski's father, Poland's human rights ombudsman, died in the crash. The ECR, a political coalition within the European Parliament, organized a March 28 parliamentary hearing in Brussels at which Binienda and several other researchers testified. The organization's petition urging a new investigation has collected half a million signatures, Kochanowski said.
"He was outstanding, especially in the first overtime and late in the third period," Devils coach Pete DeBoer said. "He was our best player and he had to be or we don't win."
It's their loss.
"The big dams are all built," said Craig Kirkwood, an Arizona State University researcher who has studied water-resource issues.
"Based on all that," De Carolis concluded, "why would you want to come out here?"
By Marianne Mollmann
Family and friends said he did many favors. He gave Harry Ratner his first color TV. He bought a mitt at a store for an unknown boy whose piggy-bank change had come far short of the price.
"He came up on the Honda, unable to make an evasive maneuver, and struck the Honda from the rear," Jones said.
Acosta followed up Tuesday by finishing second, again to van der
FitzGerald and the county's Office of Health and Human Services made the announcement Thursday.
Coast Guard and state police helicopters were also used in the rescue effort.
Women and children cried in Aceh, where memories are still raw of a 2004 tsunami that killed 170,000 people in the province alone. Others screamed "God is great" as they poured from their homes or searched frantically for separated family members.
The secret behind any great tamale usually is a tamalada navidea, or Christmastime tamale-making party. It's a time when family and friends come together to soak the corn husks, make the fillings and roll tamal after tamal, until dozens are stacked in neat piles for eating and giving away.
9:25 a.m.: Crawford says "It's my opinion ... that Mr. Neuman would be considered under Georgia law criminally responsible for the murder of Rusty Sneiderman." She says he knew right from wrong at the time.
The team's offseason conditioning program began April 2, but those first two weeks - by league rule - were limited to conditioning work, weight training and meetings.
At a briefing for reporters, Gilbert police Sgt. Bill Balafas said all the evidence points to the shooting being related to domestic violence. He didn't elaborate. Officers have recovered two handguns and a shotgun.
Tantalum, 6272 E. Pacific Coast Highway, Long Beach, CA 90803; (562) 431-1414, http://www.tantalumrestaurant.com. In a corner of the Marina Pacifica mall, with unexpected views of Alamitos Bay and big happy hour crowds. Asian fusion menu, big bar area, lots of Asian-tropical atmosphere. Main dishes $16-$34.
"The days of the big shrimp bowls and dipping into the same cocktail sauce and slicing into the same big cake - those parties were beautiful - but that's a trend that's gone," says Steve Denison, president of McCall Catering in San Francisco. Instead, he says, "Everything should be in individual pieces. One, two, two and a half bites. Intense flavors, fresh and authentic."
ARMIE HAMMER - "J. EDGAR" (Warner Bros. Pictures)
Ohio Gov. John R. Kasich said he once toured Feller's hometown of Van Meter, Iowa, with the great pitcher at his side as a guide. Two places are hallowed ground in the Feller legend, and Kasich saw both. One is the barn in which Feller played catch with his father Bill. The other is the "Field of Dreams" Feller's father laid out on a newly mown wheat field decades before the Kevin Costner movie.
Records: Chivas USA 3-5, Fire 2-2-2.
"Not only is this monumental from the legal perspective, but this is a critical day in the history of our nation," attorney Antonio Bustamante said.
Parma is home to GrafTech International's corporate headquarters and to GM's thriving stamping plant. We also feature small businesses that dot our main streets. And our city has strong neighborhoods, such as Polish Village and Ukrainian Village.
Andrew Young took witness stand today for a fourth straight day at Edwards' campaign finance fraud trial. The star prosecution witness is key to the government's case that while campaigning for the White House in 2008, Edwards directed a scheme to use nearly $1 million in secret payments from two wealthy donors to conceal an affair with his pregnant mistress.
Automakers are starting to test the waters for how such vehicles will sell in the U.S. market. Ford said it will have a three-cylinder Focus or Fiesta for sale here by the middle of next year. Mitsubishi plans to launch a compact car with a three-cylinder engine sometime in 2013.
Boston tied it in the fourth when Alfredo Simon balked in a run. The Red Sox took the lead in the fifth on a solo homer by Pedroia, his 21st of the season.
Thirty-six insurgents were killed during the brazen attacks that also claimed the lives of eight policemen and three civilians and proved that militants can still penetrate Afghan security after 10 years of war, said Interior Minister Besmillah Mohammadi.
Assad has made a series of gestures toward reform to try to allay the crisis, but his opponents say his efforts are too little, too late. He set nationwide parliamentary elections for May 7. The vote was initially to take place in March but was postponed after a referendum in February on the country's new constitution that allowed new political parties to run.
Yield: 12 to 15 servings
Pawlenty has focused heavily on Iowa in hopes of building momentum there that will carry him to the nomination.
But Gingrich gave no indication of bowing out anytime soon. His campaign even distributed signs at his Florida primary night rally that declared, "46 States to Go."
She loved the plant, and kept it near her bedside as she slipped into her last sleep. When my wife led Ruby's funeral a few days later, the wilting daffodil was the lone floral arrangement beside her casket.
"This decision is yours," LaMar told Wake.
Other forms of payment, including electronic debits from checking accounts, aren't covered by this law.
In the early 1970s, Chanock and his colleagues showed that a massive outbreak of nonbacterial diarrhea in Norwalk, Conn., was caused by a virus that they successfully transmitted to human volunteers. Chanock's associate, Dr. Albert Kapikian, used the new technique of immune electron microscopy to identify the virus, which came to be known as the Norwalk virus.
Eric Hinske was a rare bright spot for the Braves, going 4-for-4, with a double and an RBI, in his second start of the year in right field after Jason Heyward sat out with a sore oblique. Four hits matched a career-high for Hinske, who last did it July 4, 2004 with the Blue Jays.
"In general, accountability is a deterrent. If people know they can be traced, they're less likely to try to steal something," said Bill Toohey, communications director for the Maryland Governor's Office of Crime Control and Prevention.
Tim Allen's folksy narration fulfills its mission, which is not to deliver Jane Goodall-quality anthropology but to show kids that wild animals are amazing. So are the jungle plants. Some of this visually gorgeous film's most indelible images show puffballs shooting out spores in slow motion, phosphorescent fungi glowing at midnight and delicate mushrooms growing in time-lapse hyper speed. The film is not designed to answer every question; it is meant to inspire youthful curiosity.
There's enough talent on stage that this production has its share of lovely musical moments. Among the prettiest is when Debicki, Baker, Gibbs and del Valle join together for "Elegance." It's at such times that you'll be really glad you're seeing and hearing the elegantly clad performers at such close quarters.
Michna was one of the Rush players offered a marketing'' contract, but it was still $62,000 less than his 2008 salary. By this time, he had a steady job with the Higher Gear Group, and it would've made sense for Michna to quit football and focus on his business career.
HIGHLAND PARK  Two more Indonesian immigrants are trying to avoid deportation by seeking sanctuary at a Highland Park church, bringing the total number of refugees there to five.
Though the Rangers would ultimately spoil Holtby's shutout bid with a Marian Gaborik goal in the game's final minute, the goalie undoubtedly shined with his 30-save performance Wednesday night. In his 29 starts, Holtby has not lost back-to-back games.
"We want to play for coach Johnson."
As part of the international Empty Bowls Project, the schools will each host simple meals throughout the day at events intended to raise awareness and collect funds, food, toiletries and other items for local charities.
Others took a more somber view. Ambrose Bierce, an acerbic newspaper columnist and author of "The Devil's Dictionary," declared, "Of all the Sodoms and Gomorrahs in our modern world, (San Francisco) is the worst. There are not ten righteous (and courageous) men there."
The paternalistic view of western societies and misunderstanding by many organizations unfortunately leads to wasted efforts in "helping women to get rid of this garb," rather than improving the quality of their lives.
Arts in August is "an important way to bring arts and cultural programming to the park and to the people," Riordan said.
Intel controls 80 percent of the market for computer microprocessors, the brains inside PCs, laptops and corporate servers.
Offshore drilling has long been a contentious issue in California, where a 1969 spill off Santa Barbara devastated the coast. A longstanding ban on new drilling off much of the nation's coast expired in late 2008  after high gas prices became a hot issue.
Solutia's W.G. Krummrich Plant in Sauget could poison people up to 14 miles away with chlorine, the report said, or burn people up to 20 miles away with nitric acid. Hydrogen fluoride at Chemtech Products Inc. in Alorton could injure people from Glen Carbon to Ladue.
"A lot of communities have developed outreach efforts into local communities that enable that flow of information to be very robust even as we enforce the immigration laws," Napolitano said.
Steve Demofonte, president of the New Jersey Fraternal Order of Police, said the proposal is just an attempt by Christie to unfairly blame for high property taxes on public employees.
Turning point of the game: West, as he's done at times in the series, strapped his teammates on his back and carried them in the third quarter and in overtime. Hill helped close the door on the Magic in overtime.
But others contend that the African-centered approach is too narrowly focused on one racial group.
Timothy Coates, a Los Angeles lawyer, appealed to the high court in December, urging the justices to throw out the claim against the sheriff. He said plaintiffs lawyers try to win big damages judgments by naming top officials, whether or not they had a personal role in the actual case.
It makes a lot of sense to park in other city parking garages nearby (see map) and walk or hop on one of the trolleys that circle downtown and make frequent stops along their routes. Everything in the downtown nucleus is less than a mile apart.
Only one week since his first attempt, Huang is discovering that fishing can be surprisingly good at Town Lake, which is stocked with trout, bass, catfish and sunfish.
2. Joey Logano (7)
Cal State officials said the union's demands would cost the system more than $500 million at a time when it cannot afford the additional expenses. They are proposing to maintain current salary levels for 2011-12 with the potential for reopening negotiations for future years if financial conditions improve.
Although the Georgia Animal Control Association would have preferred these requirements remained, it understands that legislation works incrementally. The association fully supports the new law because it will be much more effective than our current law.
Bouchards group, Johnstown Sports Partners LLC, announced the deal at a news conference Thursday in a ticket lobby packed with fans and local dignitaries at the Cambria County War Memorial Arena, where the yet-to-be-renamed team will play.
Crews filled in a deep hole alongside the Churchill crosswalk at Green Road, according to a neighborhood watchdog. Road Rant asked for the repair at the end of last month.
Teresa Mayes told investigators that after she saw her husband kill the two, she drove him, the younger girls and the bodies to Mississippi, according to affidavits filed in court.
This is not to say that Willingham has suddenly become a better hitter than Pujols, only that free agents can react unpredictably to new surroundings and new versions of pressure, and that it looks as if the Twins chose wisely when they made one of the quieter signings of the winter.
Catcher Brayan Pea had not started back-to-back games prior to Friday's series opener against the Twins. Now, he's scheduled to start three in a row.
"What hurts the sport most is that Braun is one of baseball's young pillars," wrote ESPN's Buster Olney. "It's one thing if a Manny Ramirez gets nailed with a positive test, because Ramirez's roots extend back to a time when baseball was in its wild, wild west era, the so-called steroids era, when a phone call made by a teammate could get you a package of PEDs in your clubhouse locker the next day -- and nobody did anything about it."
Andy Turner, who won bronze for Britain in the 110-meter hurdles at last year's world championships, welcomed the CAS ruling.
Diroll guesses that under the new law, more people busted for crack will be getting breaks on going to prison than there will be people going to prison under the increased powder-cocaine provisions. That's because there are more convictions for lower-level crack offenses than there are for higher-level powder-cocaine offenses.
Since that ruling, pay rates were rolled back to their 2005 levels.
5. D. Franchitti Honda
I'm fairly certain this never has happened in the NBA.
Although clinicians generally supported non-coercive measures, they said higher-ups without medical training second-guessed the use of restraints, seclusion and medication even when they were necessary.
Humber struck out the side in the second while cruising through the first four innings in just 45 pitches. Chone Figgins' fly ball to left in the fourth was the first ball to reach the outfield. Dustin Ackley followed with a hard liner to right that Alex Rios reached up and stabbed.
Prosecutors are relying on Young  who just sold movie rights to "The Politician," a tell-all book he wrote about his former boss  to make their case that Edwards was behind a scheme to use illegal political donations to cover up the affair to protect his run for the White House.
Daley, who retired a year ago, receives benefits totaling nearly $184,000 a year, about $50,000 more than he would have otherwise received.
Said Portland right wing Ty Rattie: I know Im going to be battling with 19 guys that wont back down. Were confident. Weve forgotten about the last three games and were coming into this one like its a Game 1 - winner takes all.
Channel 2 Action News reporter Richard Belcher contributed to this article.
TRENTON  New Jersey's jobless benefits are too generous and should be reduced, a Republican leader in the Assembly told business owners today.
Tony Joseph Turner
Let us name them, please: Leshanda Long, 25; Tonia Carmichael, 52; Nancy Cobbs, 45; Tishana Culver, 31; Crystal Dozier, 38; Telacia Fortson, 31; Amelda Hunter, 47; Michelle Mason, 45; Kim Yvette Smith, 44; and Janice Webb, 49.
Bon apptit.
Stand up for what you believe in, your voice does count.
This year is no exception. Nurses, it seems, have no trouble pushing the boundaries of excellence.
Many graduates are struggling with unaffordable loan payments, so any suggestion that loans will become more expensive is worrisome to a lot of college students.
Smiley's overcoat has a "hint of widowhood" about it, and his wife, the lovely Ann, who has "Garbo eyes" and is serially unfaithful, says he looks like "an egg-cosy." James Bond, or Jason Bourne, Smiley is not, and the story's outset finds him out of favor, living in enforced retirement, shabbily treated as the result of a secret op botched by his former boss and mentor, a character known simply as "Control" who, in the latter stages of his career and life, became obsessed with the idea that the Soviets had turned his networks inside-out through the agency of a mole.
By CLIFF SCHECTER
Buried somewhere in the tons of debris was Bridgette Bell's engagement ring.
Once someone who prided herself on helping others, Scheibner now relies on charities such as the Salvation Army and the kindness of friends and family, co-workers and Elizabeths school, Morristown Memorial Hospital pays her every other week, and most of the money goes straight to expenses: the $1,500 rent, her car insurance, cell phone and copays, plus the cable TV.
But Lehman has top-10 finishes in each of his three Champions Tour starts at the course since 2009, and he was reminded again Friday how well the course actually suits his game.
Here's a listing of some upcoming dog swims:
My stepson Tom, a good cook by any standards, has fallen in love with Dutch oven cookery, and owns three of the old-fashioned variety, including one with little campfire feet and a concave lid that he's now using in outdoor cookouts.
In recent years, researchers have developed portable oxygen supplies, some of which concentrate oxygen from the air, that give patients much greater mobility, allowing them to travel by airplane, for example.
Instead, the Bellevue, Wash.-based company plans to close seven of its 24 call centers, eliminating 1,900 jobs nationwide but sparing its Salem operations. It intends to funnel money toward a planned $4 billion network upgrade in the hopes it can better compete in the increasingly cutthroat wireless space. The company lost more than 800,000 cellphone subscribers in the fourth quarter of 2011 alone.
The memo accompanies a motion to dismiss a suit filed Sept. 6 that seeks to severely limit how much money Mepco can be awarded from the US Fidelis bankruptcy estate, which is valued at about $25 million. Mepco has filed a $57 million proof of claim, and it loaned US Fidelis an additional $4.5 million after the company filed for bankruptcy protection in March 2010.
But he found her initial child-support proposal unreasonable, so he presented a counteroffer in 2007 but got no response until she sued last summer, he said. He has since paid an undisclosed amount, but he acknowledged that he had contributed virtually nothing until then.
Our police officers are not the ones recklessly shooting and killing. It might benefit the neighborhoods afflicted by gang violence to take a closer look at the family, friends and neighbors who are raising and supporting these criminals.
Dacula Road/Harbins Road from Fence Road to Ga. 316  widening $49,800,000
VERMILION TOWNSHIP, Ohio -- A Vermilion man was killed and a woman injured Friday afternoon when their car crashed into two trees off Darrow Road.
Nelson questioned whether the FBI is targeting people who worship at Masjed As-Saber, also known as the Islamic Center of Portland. Elogbi and Tarhuni both attend the mosque. Nelson also recalled the case of Michael Migliore, a Portland State University student and Muslim convert who was placed on the no-fly list and detained in London after traveling by boat.
In 2009 Bober held a citywide contest, offering $500 of non-public funds to whoever collected the most signs. The signs were gone overnight, with the winning resident collecting nearly 500 signs.
Oregon technology employment is off 6.9 percent in the last year, and the overall number of tech jobs in the state has plunged to 1996 levels.
San Marcos' Jamie Yamashita (UC Davis).
The Union County Sheriff's Department said Mayes was found wounded with what appears to be a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Hogan said that with misdemeanor cases, bond commissioners almost always released defendants on their own recognizance unless there was a request from the circuit attorney's office for a bail setting. Hogan said there was always a judge on hand. In this case, she said, the prosecutor did not make the request.
Median home value: $625,000
Among other things, SB 1070 made it a state crime to be in the country illegally and stated that an officer engaged in a lawful stop, detention or arrest must, when practicable, ask about a person's legal status when reasonable suspicion exists that the person is in the U.S. illegally.
Customers get lower prices by placing giving more business with one company and want to watch suppliers carefully following a string of scandals over shoddy or toxic Chinese-made toothpaste, tires and other goods.
He said Tiki's last season was healthy, though somewhat softer than the first year because of the weather. The Raw Barge isn't meant to shore up attendance.
Under the agreement, the diocese's school superintendent will read a script by the foundation, and a scholarship committee member will present the award.
Musical influences: John Mayer, Sugarland, Lady Antebellum, Train, Paramore, Dave Matthews Band.
"Companies are just not hiring the same number of workers that they laid off two years ago, and that's leading to a very stale jobs environment," said David Loesser, the president of the Estate Planners Group, a financial advisory firm in Washington Crossing, Pa.
Penn said that although has not attended any Blazers games since his firing, he might show up at a few now that it would help him do his job. Asked if he had a media credential, he laughed and said:
I liked it out East, but my heart was in Oregon. This is, after all, home.
The court's decision comes after the federal government cut off funding to Texas because of the state regulation excluding affiliates of abortion providers. Federal officials said the rule violates federal law by restricting women from choosing the qualified medical provider of their choice.
The 105th-ranked Hradecka had upset defending champion Petra Kvitova and U.S. Open winner Sam Stosur to reach the semifinals.
Whether you live near Disneyland or near Disneyworld, the killing of Trayvon Martin in central Florida isn't just an African American problem. It's an American problem.
Instead of handing an invitation to him for the April 30 public forum at St. Philomena Church in East Cleveland, the group briefly met with Huron Hospital President Gus Kios and Dr. Anthony Stallion, the Clinic's chief community relations and diversity officer.
The yummy burgers taste like something out of "Happy Days." The stools and counter are straight outta some Norman Rockwell painting. And the wood on the bowling machine has been sanded down by thousands of rolled balls.
Retail stocks struggled. Polo Ralph Lauren Corp. sank 11 percent after reporting that higher costs pushed profit down 36 percent. Discount retailer Costco Wholesale Corp. slipped
India and Iran have worked together in the past two decades to check the Taliban in Afghanistan and Pakistan. The two have also announced ambitious port and energy projects aimed at opening up Central Asian markets and bringing additional oil and gas to the subcontinent.
Richard Strafella, vice president of casino operations at the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino, sees the dancers as a revival of the Las Vegas showgirl. "We lost so many of the lounge acts and dancers; it brings back that mystique," he said.
Next: Christ the King (April 30, 3:45 p.m.)
b. Courts strike the measure down, or
Mullens said the plan is to send the link to everyone on the Ducks listserv, including season ticket holders, boosters and members of the community.
Radio, Internet: 91.3 FM (WTSR); trentonthunder.com.
Most of Third Federal's increase was among consumers with first mortgages and good credit. "We're still seeing job losses," said spokeswoman Jennifer Rosa.
A federal indictment, unsealed this morning, charged Tomasone, 53, of Independence, with conspiracy and honest services fraud.
The Oakland Raiders received the highest compensatory pick, a selection to end the third round (95th overall) in addition to one in the fourth and fifth rounds each.
Participants pay online during the week and pick up the food that weekend. But participants also help at the site, either filling baskets or cleaning up afterwards or helping recycle.
The site is far removed from the residential western portion of Kearny and, Dudley said, town residents would be exposed to none of the noise and hazards of the helicopter traffic that residents of Jersey City would face.
By Karl Anderson
Tuesday's elections saw other mixed messages for the T-SPLOST. Support for the education tax softened compared to previous years -- which could be a measure of voter tolerance for taxes -- and only one of a pair of politicians who backed the transportation tax survived Tuesday's vote.
972 Fernway Ln, $168,000
"The term has a really negative connotation," says Carolyn Bronstein, associate professor at DePaul University and author of "Battling Pornography: The American Feminist Anti-Pornography Movement, 1976-1986" (Cambridge University Press). "A spinster is someone who couldn't attract anyone to marry her because she's so unappealing and is doomed to spend old age alone."
Still, no one can argue that Casserly didn't know what he was doing when he grabbed Williams at No. 1 overall.
It should be noted that the Nets' streak includes two wins over the Raptors in London, the second a triple-overtime affair in which Travis Outlaw performed like he used to for the Blazers, making clutch shots down the stretch. Then, with Williams off to Dallas for his son's birth, the Nets beat the Warriors by four and the Clippers in overtime.
That GoPro has expanded so far from Woodman's original notion of a wrist camera is "just wild," he says.
While Cinco de Mayo isn't one of the deadliest holidays for alcohol-related traffic deaths, law enforcement officials encourage people to plan ahead for a sober ride.
Meanwhile, fumbling to the rescue are adoptive dad Dave (affably played by Jason Lee) and the series' erstwhile villain, Ian (David Cross, phoning it in from inside a pelican costume).
Afterward, a number of people were standing around, and "all we could do was hug each other," he said.
There is a compactness to Miller. He has a square jaw and dark eyes. After losses, he claps for opponents and never gripes. The sport is filled with outsized personalities, but he has resisted gimmicks such as a huge mustache or crazy hairdo, explaining, some say, why a title fight has eluded him.
Vano also says some potential vendors may decide it's more important than ever to invest the several thousand dollars it takes to rent a seller's stall. According to Jozsef Molnar, managing director of the Budapest Tourism office in Hungary, vendors pay about $3,500 to set up for six weeks at his city's main market and they usually take home something in the neighborhood of $14,000.
Cores said he could not go into details about the allegations, but "all the falsehoods will come to light." He also said he has made inquiries with the police and city officials and can find no indication of a police investigation.
Numerous roadside signs stand in secret, cloaked in leaves or shielded by some can't-see-through-it item. At best, these hidden messages amount to a nuisance for drivers. At worst, they're a danger. Here are a few tucked-away tidbits of information that need to be revealed for all to see.
Joseph Mueller
The odds of one ticket matching five numbers and the Mega Ball and winning the $540 million prize are 1 in 175,711,536.
Such social stratification and inequities became the top reasons many small schools nationwide transformed or closed, he said.
He quit the bottle in 1979, and in 1982 married Chaz Hammel Smith, an attorney who is vice president of Ebert Company, and has emceed Ebertfest. He writes about her warmly.
TRENTON  Gov. Chris Christies plan to separate educators who deserve raises from those who deserve pink slips using student achievement data will not improve test scores and could force effective teachers out of the profession, according to education experts and two recent reports.
Mr. Pusateri studied at the University of St. Mary of the Lake in Winona, Minn. His teaching career stretched from the 1950s to the 1990s. He worked 24 years at Quigley South and 14 years at De La Salle.
TWO 3-YEAR ROCKAWAY TERMS
The last thing I want to see is the program fail or have any individuals involved that are not of the best quality of character, Scutari said. Im hoping that the administration gets on the ball.
Christmas Day Dinner: 5-9 p.m. Dec. 25. The five-course holiday meal includes options such as grilled bone-in rib eye, blue nose bass, honey roasted goose and pan-roasted Colorado lamb. Desserts include spiced pumpkin souffle. Wine pairings are offered. Reservations required. Wright's at the Biltmore, Arizona Biltmore Resort and Spa 2400 E. Missouri Ave., Phoenix. $89; $48 for age 12 and younger. 602-381-7632. www.arizonabiltmore.com/dining/wrights.aspx.
Then I saw first baseman Miguel Cabrera make a backhand play and set himself, which made me wonder if Donald could beat it. But Cabrera made a strong throw on target to Galarraga, whose foot was on the bag before Donald hit it.
"Both teams have been off for a while so I think both teams are probably ready to go," the Kings' Dustin Brown said. "It's a fun time to play."
The Tribune found that most relatives got jobs after their family members took office. Some employees already on the payroll got promotions and pay raises after relatives were elected, records show.
Perez, who heads the Justice Department's civil rights division, noted that it's been more than 100 days since the sheriff's office received the department's findings report and federal authorities haven't met with the Maricopa County Sheriff's Office counsel since Feb. 6 to discuss the terms of a consent agreement.
The judge gave prosecutors seven days to give M.B.s name to Ravi and his attorney, warning them not to leak his identity to the public. But Berman delayed the release a few days later after M.B. asked for a chance to argue his case, Pompelio said.
Also considering a run for the job, are former Commissioner Tim McCormack, state Sen. Nina Turner and Cleveland Councilmen Joe Cimperman and Matt Zone. All are Democrats.
"It took us almost three years, but justice was done," said Hatchel. "We're pleased and relieved.
Just as they likely will again this week, should the bill be dramatically altered  or go down in defeat altogether.
For the purposes of this analysis, both Dempsey and Brek Shea will be considered forwards. Dempsey has proved himself as a striker, as one of the wider forwards in a 4-3-3 and even as a playmaker sitting behind the frontrunners. But he is first and foremost charged with scoring goals, hence his inclusion.
My suggestion is not to drink the Constellation Energy Group Kool-Aid, and try some old fashioned investigative reporting. You may be surprised what you find out.
11:08 a.m.: Asked again by defense attorneys about being hit by their father, Metsch said, Ive been kicked where my buns were the color of an eggplant, over and over again. He grabbed a painting off the wall and hit me over and over again, asking me if it hurts. Those things, you dont forget. Asked if those types of things also happened to Neuman, she said yes, if not a lot more.
"Does this make me sick? You're damn right it does," said Hennepin County Attorney Mike Freeman, a DFLer who is among those spearheading the effort. "Every one of God's vulnerable adults deserves better, and we're going to do something about it."
Not one big thing, it will be how everything works together. It will be a ticket-less, cashless building, a building that is smarter than anything else that has been there. You have a home entertainment experience now and some people think it's better than actually being at the game. We want to make sure your experience at the stadium is better than anywhere, you can't possibly have a better experience. That's what's going to capture people's imaginations when you walk in, when you have your smart phones or tablets, they will work the way they do at work and home. You're going to connect with the game in a way people were not able to connect ever before. Sustainable needs to be for practicable purposes, not for show purposes  the simplicity of the design and how it works together.
Romney: So government couldn't sell treasuries or bonds? No one was willing to buy those things? There's no credit available to buy government debt?
Doctors told her husband that the tumor was benign. He underwent brain surgery to remove the tumor and was expecting a full recovery. But shortly afterward, he began suffering migraine headaches.
Joseph DePierro, dean of the College of Education and Human Services at Seton Hall University, questioned the growth of charters that "target very specific population groups."
Ruth Brenda Martin, 83, of Largo, Fla., passed away March 14, 2011. Before moving to Florida, she lived most of her life in Smithsburg, Md.
Despite objections from MayorStephanie Rawlings-Blake, U.S. immigration officials have begun checking the citizenship status of people arrested in Baltimore ("Immigration checks start," Feb. 22). The sheer audacity of this mayor to put politics in front of public safety is grounds for throwing her out of office.
Analysts say the coalition's defeat would come as a blow to Merkel only one week before elections are due in North-Rhine Westphalia state -- the country's most populous with 18 million inhabitants -- where her party also risks losing power, according to recent polls.
The DHS report also found:
The prospects for Maryland and the future job growth and revenue generated in Maryland are significant.
Casey Bloom's is a life wide in fishing experience, especially since his retirement in 1990 from a paper box company.
Meeting site: Essex County Turtle Back Zoo
Ka-whirrr-click!
In a time when bullying is spiraling out of control and kids across America are being tortured at the hands of their peers  some even dying,such as 10-year-old Joanna Ramos of Los Angeles - the question remains: Did the punishment fit the crime? Is hauling 8- and 9-year-old children off to jail in handcuffs an appropriate tactic by law enforcement, or did they overstep their duties as police officers?
Paid leave "could have been the crucial bridge for us" after the birth of a son with medical problems drove her family into bankruptcy, said Teresa Weis of Portland at a news conference before the hearing.
"We are just not a very good team right now," coach Byron Scott after a third straight defeat and the sixth in seven games. The Cavaliers are now 17-29. "That's the bottom line."
Crundwell, who handled all the city's finances, illegally transferred the funds out of various city bank accounts into a personal account she set up and used various deceits to conceal her actions, prosecutors said.
The Tigers need someone to replace Doug Fister, who went on the 15-day disabled list with the strained side he suffered that knocked him out in the fourth inning.
